My name is Penis Anthony Doubineux.
Pretty funny right? It's like his last name but shorter.
...was next door neighbors with Amir while growing up.
I finally made it. Not for twenty minutes ago I have officially auditioned for a Broadway musical.
We won't know for a couple of weeks, but they flat out told me, in the room: Nooo!
To tell Amir that I made it.
Cats!
Is he dead yet, or is it not that kind of intervention

amir: What are you doing here, Doobs?
I RSVP'd to this intervention one year ago today, on E-vite
You can't call me that any more, A-Weird.
Yes! Because of three seconds ago I have litterally changed my name yet again to Penis Dickling, The Goose!
Grrr, Curse you!
Never matter, we're not here to discuss myself, or the millions of films I've now been cast in. We're here to talk about A-Weird and his father, and his father's tiny, spindly, sticky little legs.
Oh you haven't heard? I am now officially, and universally, a famous actress
I didn't. I've been casted as the fem fatal in the brilliant film A bridge over river Queer. Yes, you heard that. How do you like that range, even Thomas Hanks hasn't played a woman, and he's a MTV award nominee!
No, I'm not. Tell me, do you have a CD-ROM drive?
What?
Meaning?
Then what the hell is this?
Okay, and these?
Well then wheres you're CD-ROM drive?
How many gigabytes does you're company own?
You're not a tycoon, you're whole job is a lie!
Give me your CD-ROM drive!
What is that?
Meaning?
Level with me, this has an MPEG 4 on it, can you play it?
It's brilliant Brava, Brava, Brava!
And Penis.
Penis Scarlett Johansson Anal. Good luck making fun of that, A-squirdge.
Yes!
Well now I'm filthy, stinkin' rich when this things gets released to the public. And I hope it bites you on your filthy, little ass. Just like your father did to me with his tiny, spindly, little legs.
Yes, you. The bell hop.
Nightmare-ishly thin. 3 centimeters in diameter. No bones, just blood and skin. He wrapped them around my waist like a limp garden hose and no matter how hard I struggled to get free, he'd put them tighter and tighter like a boa constrictor. Or worse still, a garden snake! You know, I still have dreams about them.
No, A-smears, dreams.
I'd love one.
Alley-oop
Sold out!
And the shaft!
And the sack!
And the pussies.
Silver Linings Gay-book
Bradley Pooper
Penis Scarlett Johansson Anal.  Let's go out to the movies. Let's go out to the movies.
