No way! No!
Cause it's a whole different motion!
Dude!
If we are dead , then, I can't KILL MYSELF right now!
N-No...
Can you take a seat real quick?
It's really up to you.
Do I?
Amir brought me in here 'cause I'm a couple therapist.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But he told me there was something wrong with the relationship between you two guys.
I bet you guys are more on the same page than you think. What's your favorite food on three. One, two, three.
Low odds, low odds, low odds.
Jake, Amir brought me in here because he said you guys are best friends, but you're not really communicating.
Stuck in the middle with you shh
Now, if you guys communicate better, you can get more work done.
Come on now, everyday?
You know what? He also brought you something today, he brought you a copy of your favorite movie on DVD.
Unbelievable
Now, what I like to do at the end of all my sessions is, I want you guys both to get up, look each other in the eyes, and say the thing you've always wanted
Big break throughs, big break through.
That's exactly what's gonna happen?
Except for the motor boating, 'cause that made no sense. Right?
Ok, let's get Jake.
Jake, you want to take a seat?
Maybe take a seat.
Do I?
So, I am... So, I brought you in here because I am a couples therapist.
I didn't say couple.
Stop it. Stop it. Stop it.
Are you eating things as a seagull?
What's your favorite food on three. One. Two. Three.
Jake, Amir brought me in here because he said you guys are best friends but...
...you're just, well, let's keep it just at the facts. You're not giving enough in this best friend relationship.
I know the that song.
Singing Meet me at the cross roads. You know I miss my uncle Charles.
Let's calm down, let's calm down, let's calm down.
Now, do you see? If you guys communicate, you can get much more work done.
What? You're saying he never brings a computer to work?
What are you talking about, everyday? Don't you work at a website?
What is that?
What do you plug that into? You need a computer to plug that into. That's fine. Listen to me, ok? It doesn't matter because today, big Am here did us a
If Tower Records is closed, you go across the street to The Wiz.
Ok, when you talk it's like little people throwing up in my head. I'm gonna end this session the way that I end every single session. Both you guys just get
Jake, just leave. You're right.
It's not a big break through.
Don't motor boat him.
Don't
Take some shaving cream, put it in your hand.
it slides right in-- Yeah! Just spit.  Slides right in, slides right out; it doesn't hurt that much. But for him-- for him to raw-dog us like that?
I'm the realest.
