
														Amir: Alright, I thought of a good idea for a-vimeo and that's, it's called quick characters, where I create a character and then I ssh put the camera on Jake or he creates a character and he puts the camera on me.







Amir: A guy who didn't, who just didn't get a raise but bet somebody the amount of the raise that he wouldn't get it. So he's a little disappointed from a career standpoint but he's still gonna get the money from a friend.



Jake: (laughed, stood up, deep spit breathe, sits down)



Amir: What happened?



Jake: Ugh, bullshit, really (background: cough cough). Uhh, didn't get the raise. Butts. You owe me nineteen hundred dollars.



Amir: (laughed) Why is that?



Jake: So we (background: Amir laugh)...we gotta bet.



Amir: Nah, I was just kdding about that.



Jake: I bet you that I wasn't gonna get a raise.



Amir: Oh, no. I was sort of kidding about that.



Jake: I have to call my wife. Uhm, just...write me a check or whatever.



Amir: I'm not gonna write you a check.



Jake: Fifteen hundred dollars.



Amir: Okay.







Jake: Somebody eh at an av Avril Lavigne concert uhm pretending they know all the lyrics to complicated.



Amir: Why gotta go make things so difficult for me. You don't act to three. One two. (Yawns) Sbray Nga-I don't want it too. One, I'll be in the car.







Amir: A guy who takes a drink out of his water and it taste like his own urine, and he wants to tell people that it taste like his own urine but he can't because then he would have to explain the fact that he's one drinks, that he's once drink his own pee and he doesn't wanna do that.



Jake: (Drinking water, spits out the water) This taste...



Amir: Like what?



Jake: It taste like...cruUud.







Jake: Guy who is been secretly collecting playboy magazines for twenty-five years and tries to sell them all of them on ebay without his wife knowing.



Amir: Yes, every single issue... (background: rumbling). You can come by and get... (background: rumbling). I need to tie my shoe (background: You wanna put the whole quarter. I'm outta here. Ha Ha. Kinda. He He Bwe Bwe Bwe Bwe). I have to go.







Amir: A guy who is just planning on go to, on going to dinner with his five friends but then one of them just told him that de, it's sort of a reservation and they only have five. So he's just gonna have to stay back.



Jake: Dude what time is the dinner? We're gonna get hammm...I thought...tsk, actually yeah, no that makes more sense I guess. I've ssshitload of work to do. Afterwards, afterwards, what do you have? Yeah, text hello?



Amir: (laughing)







Jake: A guy getting upset with his friend who's being complaisant about adding videos to edit on his computer regarding a serious video they're shooting.



Amir: (Smiling) I mean, don't just say you're not gonna do it. 'Coz if you're not gonna do it, baah then you shouldn't be holding a camera right now. I'm being serious. Like, honestly, don't even film this. I'm being completely serious right now. If you're not gonna take it seriously, I don't even wanna be part of this thing. Like I just hanged out to this project because I thought you were gonna help produce it, but you're not gonna help produce it (background: Jake holding his laugh sound). Ha ha!



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														Amir: All right, this is a 30 second debate between myself and Jake. Uh, Jake. What do you think about global warming? Do you think humans can slow it down or is it just an unstoppable force? Should we not even bother? Should we be like, You know what? I'm gonna drive my car and I'm gonna eat my gasoline and I'm gonna do whatever I want because I'm an american?



Jake: Incoherent fast talking



Amir: I can't. I can't...let's do that again. I can't hear you when you do like fast forward talking. So just talk normal.



Jake: More fast talking



Amir: laughs You did it again. You talked..you talked like super fast, and I can't..nobody's gonna understand you.



Jake: More fast talking



Amir: laughs All right, let's just...stop it. Let's just do it later, 'cause I'm..I'm running late, so I have to go anyway. (Amir turns to leave, but as he starts walking, time slows down tremendously. Amir turns around)



Amir: Stop it! I'm seriously late! (Amir turns and leaps forward, but time has slowed again)



Amir: You're so annoying!



END



Notes:

Jake's fast talking can be understood when the video is slowed down.



First response: First of all, people don't eat gasoline. That's just a common misconception. And personally? I think we should just..let loose, you know? Drive our cars into the ozone layer. Eat garbage. Poop anywhere we want, like...the earth is fucked, and we're all going to be dead by the time global warming really takes effect, so, what's the point, right?



Second response: I..I was talking pretty normally. I didn't...really don't think I did anything..like fast forwarding? That's..what the hell does that even mean?



Third response: That's absurd. Not true at all. I don't..I'm talking [at a] very normal speed right now.

													

														Jake: Hey, Amir. What are you doing? 

Amir: I'm growing a beerd. 

Jake: What's a beerd? 

Amir: Well, you know what a beard is right? 

Jake: Yeah. 

Amir: So a beerd is like a beard, but made out of beer (holds up beer can). 

Jake: Oh...

Amir: It's...beerd (motions with hands). 

Jake: Kind of like a spork is a spoon and a fork? 

Amir: Exactly. 

Jake: Now I get it. 

(Amir opens beer and proceeds to pour it on his chin)

Jake: You shouldn't do this. 

Amir: It's, honestly, I'm like half-way done. It's almost over, practically.

Jake: The joke--the joke is in the spelling of beerd. 

Amir: It's--look at me! It's too late! It doesn't matter if it's the spelling, it's too late. 

Jake: It's then--it's not gonna work. 

Amir: It is gonna work, just stop--

Jake: Let's do quick characters. 

(another person enters bathroom. all laugh) 

Amir: Jason, you weren't supposed to see this. Get out! 

Jason: (backs out of bathroom) Send me a fax when I can pee.

Amir: Or--or anything. I'll send you an email or a fax. Let's do that again.  

													

														Amir: Jake, can I trust you?



Jake: Yeah, what?



[Amir falls straight back hitting the ground]



Jake: [screaming as Amir is falling] Dude!



[A moment later Jake is kneeling next to amir, who is still laying on the ground]



Jake: I feel like such shit, you trusted me and I let you down.



Amir [mumbling] I- I can't feel my..

													

														(Jake is talking to Rosie)



Jake: So pimp. It's just so fucking pimp. Soaring like a majestic eagle or something. Like, that's it, right up in the air, that's my 

kite. I'm not even explaining it right cause I'm so amped still. Like your adrenaline is pumping, it's just in the sky and you just 

don't let go, you can't let go of the kite. It's just the best feeling when you just see it. And the wind blowing and shit. The 

unraveling spool. So phat, you don't even know. The phattest fucking thing in the world. Flying that kite, I owned it. I was owning, 

all day long, all morning. Starting in the morning then to the afternoon just owning a kite. Owning the sky. It was so fucking sick. 

Sprinting across the grass. Picturing it now it almost brings a fucking tear to my eye. People? it wasn't happening, but it felt like 

people were cheering, just like ahh! ahhh!. You're just out there and trying?



(Amir walks by)



Amir: What are you talking about?



Jake: Nothing. Nothing.



Amir: What was so awesome?



Jake: Nothing.



(Amir starts to leave)



Amir: Talking about something.



Jake: No... I flew a kite, is what it was.



Amir: Huh?



Jake: I flew a kite this weekend.



Amir: Are you kidding?



Jake: Well, I wish I was kidding. My sister wanted to or some shit like that. So... it's just like... homo. Of course I didn't like it, 

it's fucking... it was a kite!



Amir: So you don't like to kite.



Jake: No.



Amir: Okay. You scared me!



(Amir leaves)



Jake: (To Rosie) Just kidding, it was so fucking pimp.

													

														[Jake is sitting at the table in Ricky's office.]



AMIR: (entering from the side and sitting down in a chair next to Jake) Ughhhhh...



JAKE: (laughs) What's going on?



AMIR: I don't know how people do it.



JAKE: Yeah.



AMIR: No, you don't know what I meant. I meant, I don't know how people get tattoos.



JAKE: Man. What time do we have that meeting? It's like, 4? Or 2?



AMIR: Just, forget about the meeting, how-- When you got your tattoo, did it hurt you? Who else has a tattoo in the office? Now that I'm inked up.



JAKE: I don't really...



AMIR: Now that I have ink.







JAKE: Do you know, just like, when--



AMIR: You're treating me so different now that you know that I have a tattoo.



JAKE: I'm really trying not to.







AMIR: It's embarrassing telling you this shit because I don't-- I don't want--



JAKE: You don't- you don't have to.







JAKE: What is it of?



AMIR: I dunno, it's a tattoo.







AMIR: Okay, what is this? (Doodles a sort of backwards Greek letter Alpha on the whiteboard.) What is that of? That's not of anything, but it's still a tattoo.







JAKE: That looks like a fish or something. Is that what you got?



AMIR: Mine's a bear. Okay?



JAKE: A bear? Where is it? Where did you--?



AMIR: I dunno, in the woods or something.



(Jake laughs.)







JAKE: When you get a tattoo, you get it of something and in a specific spot. So, it's of a bear, you said, and where is it?



AMIR: Let's get-- let's go to a fucking bar.







AMIR: I haven't felt this interrogated-- (Jake lifts up Amir's sleeve) get-







AMIR: It's not on my shoulder or anything, it's just like on my.. area. What does it matter?



JAKE: What area?



AMIR: What does it matter where it is?



JAKE: Let me see it! (He reaches over, and Amir slaps his hand away.)







(Amir quickly displays his stomach area.)



JAKE: Is that a dick.. on your... stomach?--



AMIR: Is that a dick? No, it's a cannon. Leave me alone, I-- it's- it's getting sore! (pushing Jake's hands away as he tries to pull Amir's shirt up.)







JAKE: (reaching over to lift of Amir's shirt) Let me fucking see that!



AMIR: Get off of me, man. 



(Jake wrestles Amir to the ground and lifts up his shirt to see the tattoo.)



AMIR: (on the ground, with his shirt pulled up, revealing a (Sharpie-drawn) tattoo of a penis with GAY written below it) Get off of me! What does it matter what it is?



JAKE: It says GAY'!







AMIR: (getting up) Those are my initials!







AMIR: Next one's gonna be like an eagle.

													

														Amir: (Talking into the phone) A3. D2. D4.



(Jake is at the vending machine on the other end of the phone, having just purchased a Milky Way)



Jake: Okay, you sunk my Milky Way.



Amir: (Eating a Milky Way) So fucking sick.



Jake: Can we stop? I'm down like eight bucks.



Amir: We'll stop when the machine's empty. B2!

													

														(Jake and Amir sitting on their chairs, leaned towards each other)



AMIR: I think you should leave.



JAKE: Ok. (Stands up and trips, because his shoelaces are tied together)



AMIR: (laughing) Hah! I tied your shoes together.



JAKE: (also laughing) Fuck you, dude...



AMIR: (suddenly getting serious): Fuck me, huh? 



JAKE: (apologetic): I'm sorry, I really-- I didn't mean anything--



AMIR: I'm trying to play a joke and Fuck you, man, that's all I get back? I'm sorry, wow. I'm a dick for playing a joke. On my friend.



JAKE: I didn't mean it like that...



AMIR: Someone I thought was my friend, at least.



JAKE: (confused)...uh...



AMIR: Why are you untying your shoes? That means the joke's over, that means our relationship's over. When you fell over, I laughed, because I respected you. How wrong I was. Shame on me.



JAKE: (while standing up) You know what, let's...  why don't we just talk about i-- (tries to sit down, but Amir pushes the chair with his leg and he falls over again)



AMIR: (while Jake is falling) I don't even wanna talk about it.



JAKE: Aah! (clearly in pain) Fun... funny!...



AMIR: Funny, right?



JAKE: (still in pain) Yeah...



AMIR: So act, act like it's funny.



JAKE: Good one... What do you want me to say, it really fucking hurt!



AMIR: And there's that effort again! You didn't... Forget it. (leaves)



End

													

														(Jake and Amir sitting at their desks, across from each other)



AMIR: So drunk...



JAKE: You're drunk right now?



AMIR: Last night I got so drunk...



JAKE: Ah... you... nice.



AMIR: I had like, so many beers.



JAKE: How many? How many is so many?



AMIR: I was like retarded...



JAKE: How many beers did you have?



AMIR: (silent laugh)... Sixty.



JAKE: Sixty? That's... Sixty is way too many. That's not a believable number at all.



AMIR: (Getting nervous, rubbing his chin) I know... How many is believable?



JAKE: Twelve?



AMIR: I know, twelve... I had twelve.



JAKE (in the background): I had twelve?



AMIR: I had twelve beers, yeah. Ssstupid afterwards.



JAKE: Yeah, I don't believe you. I don't think you know... I don't think you've had a beer, ever.



AMIR (laughing nervously): Yeah, right. I drink it all the time.



JAKE: So what does it taste like?



AMIR: Sweet. So sweet. Like sug-- What?



JAKE: It's not sweet. Like sugar?



AMIR (laughing even more nervously): No! (serious) No. It tastes not like sugar, it tastes like the opposite.



JAKE: Closer. Like what?



AMIR: Just like you're drinking... like you're drinking a sourdough baguette.



JAKE: No, no, it doesn... (AMIR, in the background: No? No!) It's not that either.



AMIR: Here's two... That was two things it doesn't taste like.



JAKE: Exactly, so what does it taste like?



AMIR: It tastes... you know... Beer is water, it's like a fermentable starch source, alright?...



JAKE: Ok... (starts typing on computer)



AMIR (in the background): ...like malted barley, yeast, it's common for flavoring to be added--



JAKE (interrupting Amir, while reading on the monitor): ...like hops, a mixture of starch sources to be used with a secondary starch source. (laughs) Yeah. Uh, you're on the wikipedia page. I'm reading it too.



AMIR: You are?



JAKE (continues reading): Rice and sugar often being turned into junk, especially when used with...



AMIR (interrupting Jake): Uh, yeah, I see where you're at, but I wasn't reading it.



JAKE: You see where I'm at, but you weren't reading it?



AMIR: Why, what are you, what're you doing tonight? How many beers are you gonna have? I'll double it, easy.



JAKE: I'm not drinking tonight, I have to take my cat to the vet, actually.



AMIR: Take a drink before or after, whatever you drink--



JAKE: She's having, uh, she has heart palpitations and they might have to put her down.



AMIR: ...So sick.



End

													

														(Jake puts on sunglasses)



Jake: What are you doing?



(Amir is now wearing similar sunglasses)



Amir: Oh, I'm writing an email, cause a friend of mine emailed me.



Jake: You know what I mean.



Amir: Yeah, he was like writing me an email, so I'm emailing him back



Jake: I put on sunglasses and then you put on, like, the exact same pair.



Amir: Not the exact same pair. Yours are yellow, right? I can'tyeah, they're yellow.



Jake: It's, like, the idea of putting on sunglasses.



Amir: Oh the idea. I didn'tyeah I didn't know you invented sunglasses. That'sI guess that's why I messed up because I didn't know you invented sunglasses. Why are you even still working here? Can't you live off the royalties of wearing



Jake: You know what I mean. Just, I put on sunglasses and then you did.



Amir: Why are you wearing a blue shirt today? I'm wearing a blue shirt, and your new rule is that nobody can wear the same thing, right? So, I can't wear a blue shirt if you are?



Jake: Okay, well yesterday, when I wore these sunglasses, you called them gay. So. And you don't even own a pair of sunglasses.



Amir: Yesterday they were gay. But then people said that they liked it, so I got a pair of my own. I mean, I'm allowed to change my mind.



Jake: No, now you're just admitting that you're a poser, because you got something because other people liked it.



Amir: I'm getting a call.



Jake: Your phone didn't ring.



Amir: It's on vibrate mode.



Jake: You have your office phone on vibrate?



Amir: Yeah, it's like call-forwarding, so itI don't really know how it wor(Jake hangs up the phone) Hello? Hello? Ah, shh, I lost her.



Jake: It doesn't go right to dial tone when you lose somebody.



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														JAKE: Hey Amir.



(Jake pretends to shoot Amir. Amir plays along, but keeps throwing grenades over and over again.)



JAKE: That's good. You win. Tie, or whatever. I just have to answer this email. One sec. I'm dead! Done. Alright. Stop for one second, I just gotta make a phone call. Mom? Hey, did you call me before?



(Amir pulls out a real gun.)



JAKE: I have to call you back.



(Cuts to black; shooting noise is heard.)

													

														Amir: Oh, I forgot to tell you. I thought of the chillest screen name last night. It was so chill. It's like the chillest thing I've 

ever thought of, and it was a screen name, can you believe it? Don't you at least want to know what it is?



Jake: Oh sorry. Yeah, what is it?



Amir: It's chilldude22. Two-two. Chill dude two-two.



Jake: It's actually pretty tight.



Amir: I know. It's so good.



Jake: That's actually really tight.



Amir: It's fly as hell. That's why I love it so much.



Jake: I mean, I dunno. I think, I mean all your friends know you on your screen name that you have



Amir: I know, but it's not a big deal if I'm just, like, putting uplike, throw up an away mess, and I'm just like, Hey I changed my 

name to, like, something super chill. I'm sure people will understand.



Jake: Well, I mean was it available?



Amir: Jesus, actually no, it's not.



Jake: I'm not surprised.



Amir: Damn, that's like the chillest one I've ever thought of!



Jake: That's tough.



Amir: It's more than tough.



Jake: Sorry.



Amir: You know, I'm gonna add the name chilldude22 to my bumy BL, and I'm gonna check out if this chill guy wants to swap.



Jake: If I had a screen name that chill I definitely wouldn't trade it with anybody.



Amir: Whoa, he's actually online.



Jake: Really?



Amir: Maybe I should IM him and ask him if he wants to switch. Hey. (Jake's computer makes an IM sound) Wanna swap names? (Jake's 

computer makes an IM sound) What's going on? Hello? Hi. It's you, man!



Jake: Honestly, if I thought of a screen name that chill I wouldn't have told anybody until I'd already made it.



Amir: Did you steal my chill screen name?!



Jake: I'm just trying to pimp out this chill pro right now. What's that Jovi quote?



Amir: I mean, I'm gonna tell you what it is because it's such a chill quote that it belongs with that screen name, but: She says we 

gotta hold on to what we got cause it doesn't make a difference if we make it or not. How could you do that? Like, you know I thought 

that was the chillest.



Jake: What's Streeter's handle? I need to add him. I'm trying to flesh out this BL right now.



Amir: I'm supposed to be the chill dude.



Jake: Chill out, dude. All's fair in love and chill, you know that.

													

														(Jake and Amir both standing up, breathing heavily and looking happy)



AMIR: We did it!



JAKE: Hell yeah we did!



(They jump simultaneously, high five in the air, the frame freezes and Nataie Imbruglia's song Torn starts playing. The frame unfreezes and they both get back on the ground.)



JAKE: What was that?



AMIR: Torn. Just this, it's like about a guy who just walks around beating people up. And he like, stabs people in the neck and then just plays with blood. And beats the shit outta people for fun. Hwoh, hwoh. (mimicks punching Jake) I figure for high five, we just come down, and it's like Nothing's right. We're torn.



JAKE: A girl wrote it. And a girl sings it. It's about a girl who got broken up with by a guy.



AMIR: I put it on my workout mix cause it's like so, it's just core. Just... (inhales and flexes pecs)



JAKE: You don't go to the gym.



AMIR: No, but... Come, on let's do just one more high five, we'll choose like the manliest song, (JAKE: No, I'm not doing it) it'll be about like the Terminator or something, just like, killing people, one more time! Up high! Super sick! Let's do this!



(Amir jumps with his hand raised for a high five, but Jake doesn't jump with him. He slaps Jake in the arm with his high five hand.)



AMIR: Come on, man!



JAKE: Come on!



(Amir slaps Jake on the face. Frame freezes mid-slap and Torn starts playing again)



End



As a side note, this is one of the episodes in which Amir wears the SILF t-shirt.

													

														(Jake and Amir sitting at their desks, across from each other.)



JAKE (on his phone): Uh, yeah, July 1st. I'll be home.



AMIR: (stretching his arms, trying to seem casual): 180... 180. (serious) Get off the phone, man. We're at work.



JAKE (still on the phone, visibly disturbed): Uhm...



AMIR: We're not supposed to use the phone at work.



JAKE: (still on the phone): Alright, can I, do you think I can just call you back grandma?. Alright. Love you. Bye.



AMIR: What's the best you can get on an IQ test?



JAKE: 200?



AMIR: 180 is pretty good though, right? Highly gifted it says...



JAKE: What're you talking about?



AMIR: I took an online IQ test, I got a 180. Pretty...



JAKE: Did you deduct 50 points?



AMIR (confused): Uhm, no, why?



JAKE: For being dumb enough to take an online IQ test?



AMIR: Psht, no. It didn't say that. It didn't say to.



JAKE: How many questions were there?



AMIR: 10. So hard.



JAKE: Alright, ask me one.



AMIR (reading from laptop): 'If you turn a right glove inside out, would it fit on your left hand?'



JAKE: Yeah.



AMIR: Wrong.



JAKE: No, that's right.



AMIR: Ok yeah, that's the one I got wrong. So 9 out of 10. That's... still pretty sick...



JAKE (interrupting):  Let me see'em.



AMIR: I mean, look... (turning the laptop towards Jake) They're so... You wouldn't be able to get any of these...



JAKE: There's only 7 questions there.



AMIR: Yeah, first 3 were on a banner ad. So...



JAKE: Sounds like a scam.



AMIR: We'll see what the scam is when I get my diploma.



JAKE: So you have to pay for that diploma, right?



AMIR: 49 bucks, but it comes in a sick frame.



JAKE: Right, that sounds like that's the scam. You're paying for something that doesn't mean anything.



AMIR: Psh, it doesn't mean anything... I'd like to see... I'd, I'd onestly like to see how you do.



JAKE: Ok, fine. Send me the link.



AMIR: Only people who get 180 or more even get the opportunity to buy the diploma, so I don't see why I shouldn't.



JAKE (checking out the test): Wow, this is really easy.



AMIR: It's not... Seems easy, but it's not...



JAKE: This is REALLY easy. You only got a 180?



(Amir goes under the desk)



JAKE: What the hell?



(Amir comes back up)



JAKE: You turned off my monitor?



AMIR: Figure it out. If you're so smart... You think you can get a better than a 180, you could figure who turned off your monitor.



JAKE: I did figure it out and it was you, you turned off my monitor.



AMIR: Not saying it was, not saying it wasn't.



JAKE: Can you just plug it in? I have to do, I have to do work.



AMIR: Let's make a deal.



(Jake goes under desk)



AMIR: If I plu-



JAKE (interrupting Amir): Already plugged it back in. 



AMIR: Huh?



JAKE: I already plugged it back in. It's fine. (short pause, Jake gets his phone out of his pocket) Just got a text message. From you. '180'.



AMIR: I dunno. Was it me?



JAKE: Yeah, it was. It says... it says who texted you.



AMIR: Yeah, I mean, sometimes it says 'Restricted'.



JAKE: Yeah, sometimes, if you press the right buttons it says 'Restricted'.



AMIR: Maybe.



JAKE: Not maybe. It just does.



AMIR: (pause) ...So smart.



End

													

														Amir: Hey. Dinner. Tonight. 8 o'clock.



Jake: Ah, no thanks. I'm pretty tired.



Amir: Ice cream? You want ice cream?



Jake: No.



Amir: Probably can't... probably can't get ice cream unless you finish your dinner.



Jake: Well, yeah. I said no to both, so...



Amir: Come on, man. Don't be some loser who stays at home.



Jake: Fine. Sorry.



Amir: I'm sorry, listen. I shouldn't have called you a loser. Let me come over, make dinner, we'll eat it together, I feel like a huge... I feel like a dick ever since I made fun of you.



Jake: Honestly, don't worry about it. Forget it.



Amir: Like I know you're just trying to be polite or whatever. I'm not gonna take no for an answer.



Jake: Take no for an answer. I don't want you to come tonight.



Amir: What's your favorite beer?



Jake: Listen, I just, I don't want to do anything tonight, but I'll answer your question; it's Stella. But don't come over.



Amir: Comin' over with a twelver of it.



Jake: Ok, you're not listening to me. I really don't feel like doing anything tonight. I'm sorry.



Amir: Come on, let's do something together for once.



Jake: Uh, god. I'm just really tired, I want to get home, I feel like shit. If you absolutely have to come over, then...



Amir: Sweet! I'll come over at 8. Vodka and Red Dogs. Ruff! Auuuuuu!



Jake: Do you mean Red Bull?



Amir: Yeah. That's how I do a bull, it's so weird. It's like 'ruff'.



Jake: But you also said dog.



Amir: ...... Ruff!



Jake: Forget it.

													

														Jake: That part's so funny. It's really funny. Go back, play it one more time. The look on your face is priceless. That part's so funny, just rewind it; just watch that one part again. 



Amir: Let me just finish editing the whole thing, and then we'll watch it all. Instead of watching individual part by part, we'll just watch it all at the end. 



Jake: But your face in that one part is just priceless. I have a really good idea; if you just take a screencap of that one part, and then we'll take it into MS paint, and write something like 'Box of  Popcorn: $4.99, Movie from Blockbuster: $2.99, Amir's face at this part: Priceless.' 



Amir: Those have been done. I mean, we're not gonna make a Mentos ad anytime soon.



Jake: Right. When's the last time you saw a face look that priceless?



Amir: The thing is, you can't put a price on faces, so every face, like that face, is priceless. 



Jake: What about this one?



Amir: That face is, like they're all, they're all priceless regardless.



Jake: Give me a price on this face.



Amir: I'm not gonna look.



Jake: Ok, I have a really good idea for a new one, check it. Like take a whole, entire bag of pretzels, and you tear it open and you just put it on your face like (odd gargling noise).



Amir: You know how yesterday, when I was like 'you probably don't get it', like, when you make stuff, like when you make suggestions like that, I'm pretty sure you don't get any of these jokes. Like, what's funny about this one?



Jake: Kites are gay.



Amir: No. It's not it.



Jake: Ask me one and I'll tell you the joke.



Amir: Why is the high-five one funny?



Jake: Because torn is gay.



Amir: No, it's not... the joke is never



Jake: Ok, are you going to deny that torn is gay?



Amir: The joke is never because blank is gay. That's never the joke. It's not because kite is... 



Jake (interrupting): It helps. It helps the joke.



Amir: It doesn't even... it's not even part of the joke.



Jake: Rewind this one.



Amir: Stop! Listen, I come up with the ideas, I edit it, and then you do the other parts.



Jake: What's the matter? Are you tired? I'll do this.

													

														Amir: Hey Jake.



Jake: Ch-ch-poooh. 



Amir: What's that?



Jake: Just start the song.



Amir: Ok. I didn't get why you did the gun thing, then. 



Jake: Forget it.



(italics represent lyrics to Welcome to the Black Parade, lip synced by Jake and Amir)



When I was, a young boy, my father, took me into the city, to see a marching band.



He said 'son when, you grow up, would you be, the savior of the broken, the beaten and the damned? He said-



Will you, defeat them, your demons, and all the non believers, the plans that they have made?'



Because one day, I'll leave you, a phantom, to lead you in the summer, to join the Black Parade.



Jake: Don't do the guitar, I'm doing the guitar.



Amir: I'll do it.



Jake: I started it first, man. I'll do the drums.



Amir: You do drums.



Jake: Fine. Do that, but that's bass.



Amir: Not, it's not. It's not bass. It's not a bass.



Jake: You're doing guitar again.



Amir: I'm not!



(italics represent lyrics to Welcome to the Black Parade by My Chemical Romance. Jake and Amir and doing weird stuff while listening to the song.)



Sometimes I get the feeling she's watching over me.



And other times I feel like I should go.



And through it all, the rise and fall, the bodies in the streets.



And when you're gone we want you all to know.



We'll carry on,



We'll carry on



And though you're dead and gone believe me



Your memory will carry on



We'll carry on



And in my heart I can't contain it



The anthem won't explain it.



A world that sends you reeling from decimated dreams



Your misery and hate will kill us all.



So paint it black and take it back



Let's shout it loud and clear



Defiant to the end we hear the call



To carry on



We'll carry on



And though you're dead and gone believe me



Your memory will carry on



We'll carry on



And though you're broken and defeated



Your weary widow marches-



Jake: I just realized we're listening to 2 separate songs.



Amir: That's funny.



Jake: Well, yeah, it's weird more than anything.



We'll carry on, we'll carry on

													

														AMIR: (sighs) A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.



JAKE: What? What are you taking about?



AMIR: Just a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. It's one of those days.



JAKE: What are you referring to?



AMIR: I'm not referring to anything, it's just like a.. it's like a proverb. You just say it when there's silence in the room just to say something.



JAKE: That's not how those work. They all mean something.



AMIR: They don't--none of them mean anything, you just say them, like Don't count your chickens before they hatch! or something.



JAKE: No, that means something. That means not to like expect too much of anything.



AMIR: Yeah, that one means--that one probably means something but like all these other ones don't like mean anything, like Keep your nose to the grindstone! or whatever.



JAKE: That means like to work hard.



AMIR: Well you come up with one that doesn't mean anything then!



JAKE: I couldn't. They all mean something.



AMIR: Not all of them. Not all of them.



JAKE: (nods) Yeah.



AMIR: Let me explain it to you. I don't think I'm explaining it right. If I'm sitting here in silence and you're also sitting there, I'll just be like Don't get up on the wrong side of the bed this morning! and then you'll be like (tips cap) whatever you tip your cap or whatever.



JAKE: Do you honestly think that's how proverbs work?



AMIR: Pssshhh.



JAKE: Forget it. I'm just gonna ignore you the rest of the day.



AMIR: Don't make a mountain out of a molehill.



JAKE: Alright. You're right. See? Makes sense.



AMIR: That doesn't mean anything. 



JAKE: Nevermind.



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														AMIR: Hey, what do think you about Third Eye Blind?



JAKE: They're pretty ace.



AMIR: What's ace?



JAKE: Ace is just like when something it's cool.



AMIR: Wow Thats pretty ace!



JAKE: Yeah.. It's ok.



AMIR: It's actually really ace.



JAKE: Yeah.



JAKE: What do you think of just like rock in general?



AMIR: I mean it's pretty ace.



JAKE: Yeah. I just made up the word ace, because you always steal my words and I wanted to see if you would 

do it and you did.



AMIR: What?



JAKE: Ace isn't real. I just wanted to see if you would steal it.



AMIR: Wow, that's really unace of you. I mean I thought we were gullies man!



JAKE: Yeah.. I made up that one too.



AMIR: What!? What about tar... tarnaks? spokalins?



JAKE: Yeah...



AMIR: None of these are real?



JAKE: No.



AMIR: cinadarks..?



JAKE: cinaducks, no.



AMIR: Tight?



JAKE: No, that one is real.



AMIR: Ace.



JAKE: No.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CefsWvV8rjI

													

														Jake grabs a bag of cookies from under his desk



Amir: What is that?



Jake puts the bag on his desk



Amir: Cookies!



Jake: Yeah.



Amir: Gimme.



Jake: crunches on one No.



Amir: You have like..twelve. Give me one.



Jake: You just ate.



Amir: opens his mouth Try to throw it into my mouth.



Jake: No. I'm starving. I didn't...I didn't even eat lunch.



Amir: It'll be so hard.



Jake: No. It wouldn't be hard.



Amir: moves his head around I'll go like this. See?



Jake: Here's a pen cap. throws the pen cap and it hits Amir in the face



Amir: See?



Jake: Honestly it's not important.



Amir: Come on, you have like twelve cookies! Just give me one.



Jake: Fine. God. hands Amir a cookie



Amir bites into it, makes a face, and lets it fall out of his mouth



Jake: This is why I don't give them to you, 'cause you do this every single time.



Amir: licks his hand It's discussing.



Jake: Did you say 'discussing'?



Amir: It's dis..discussing.



Jake: That was close.



Amir: It's gross is what it is.



Jake: Why did you even want one?



Amir: I thought they were homemade.



Jake: holds up the obviously store-bought bag of cookies You thought these were homemade?



Amir: shrugs I don't know, your mom does it or whatever.



Jake: Oh yeah, my mom puts the nutritional information on the back.



Amir: Okay, so I was wrong. Wow.



Jake: You know what? I was actually gonna call my mom right now.



Amir: Hang up.



Jake: puts the phone to his ear Hey mom. It's Jake.



Amir: Stop.



Jake: Could you send me another pack of cookies? You know how I like it with um...the cream in the middle..and uh..wrapped in plastic with the nutritional information on the back? Great! All right, love you. Bye.



Amir: I would never do that to your mom.

													

														Amir: Hey call my phone i think i lost it

Jake: its right there

Amir: ungh. in this i-p-phone?

Jake: i think its an iPhone

Amir: its more than that...

Jake: i know its more than that but I'm just saying, you have the, the name wrong

Amir: its a calculator too

Jake: is that all it is

Amir: hey whats your phone number ill put it in and ill divide it by two

Jake: 545 89 92

Amir: slow down

Jake: what is that

Jake: what does that say

Amir: it says error, because i don't know which one is divide all the time

Jake: right

Amir: this only has one button, so... how many buttons

Amir: how many buttons does your phone have i forgot

Amir: probably more right?

Jake: can you call my phone

Amir: I'm slowly figuring out how to do stuff like that

Jake: have you called anyone

Amir: like no i have like i got i have one but they called me so

so thats not, thats not making a call

Amir: ok ...so, can you, show me what else i could do

Amir: just take it

Amir: show me how to do everything

Amir: ill use this one

Jake: what

Jake: are you kidding me?

Amir: i got two because, everyone has one so i wanted to be like HUH HUH twice as, twice as many calls

Jake: why on earth would you get two?

Amir: because they wouldn't let me get 3 I'm sorry

its a store policy

Jake: I'm not saying two isn't enough, I'm saying two is too many one is too many if you don't know how to use it

Amir: i know how to use it

Jake: why don't you write a note

Amir: here's a note:

Amir: 80081355 (boobless)

Amir: it also can do boobs or whatever it really can do everything

Jake: actually this is kinda cool, i kinda want one now.

Amir: i know

Amir: you should get two dude, I'm telling you...

Amir: give me that one back though

Jake: just let me have this one

Amir: OK

Jake: sick

link

													

														Amir [holding a cigarette, trying to sit down backwards in an office chair]: Ahh... what are you doing?



Jake: Don't do that.



Amir: Pull me out. Push my leg. Hold the-- hold the chair, and then I'll push my leg.



Jake: Just sit regular. I don't wanna...



Amir: OK, but I'll...



Jake: Just sit normal.



Amir: Half backwards.



Jake: Nope.



Amir: Long day, right?



Jake: Yeah.



Amir: What are you doing the rest of the day?



Jake: Uh, nothing. I mean, what are you doing?



Amir: I mean, I'm holding a cigarette. Don't judge me.



Jake: I'm not. I'm asking what you're doing the rest of the day.



Amir: Sorry, mom. Some things are too cool for school, Daddy-o. Oh God, people smoke. Sorry if this freaks you out!



Jake: Doesn't.



Amir: It should.



Jake: All right, smoke it right now.



Amir: Psh, I wish I could. I wish I could smoke it right now. So smooth, tastes like milk. But I can't, 'cause I don't have a lighter. If I had a lighter, that would be the only...



Jake [taking out a lighter]: Here's one.



Amir: Jesus Christ, man, put that away! You're gonna light this on fire, get us arrested! [taking the lighter] Just give it to me already. You don't even know how to do it. [using the lighter, which works fine] Doesn't work. I wish it would, 'cause then I could toke this baby. 



Jake: It works.



Amir: Plus it's green, which means it's gay, so I'm not gonna use it to light my cig. Watch this. 



Jake: Don't.



Amir: Swish! [throws the lighter] Straight cash.



Jake: I'm gonna go get the lighter, I'm gonna come back, and then we're gonna smoke it for real.



Amir: [breaking the cigarette] Forget it, it's broken. Now we can't. And I'm all jittery, I'm all stressed out, I need another one. You owe me a cig. You owe me two cigs.



Jake: No, this is still smokeable.



Amir: No way, you don't know how to do it. You can't-- psh, half a cigarette?



Jake: [lighting the cigarette]



Amir: All right, very funny. Stop, stop! Look, it's all red now! Come on, I quit! I'm gonna sit regular. I just-- I quit! Let's go get drunk. Let's go to a bar. I'm buying the shots.



Jake: I'm going back to work.



Amir: Don't! Let's go to a bar... Jake, come back! I'll smoke again if you want me to.

													

														Amir: Brews tonight?

Jake: nah I can't

Amir: tomorrow then or something

Jake:nope

Amir: alright well lets just do something tonight lets go for a walk or something i just gotta get some stuff off my chest

Jake:uh sorry, can't

Amir: pshhh i mean I'm trying to tell you i have to tell you something

Jake:tell me now, we don't have to do anything tonight

Amir: just what are you doing after work, whats the big deal? I don't wanna tell you now...

Jake:I'm going on vacation for a week.

Amir: what?

Jake:I'm going to Nantucket for a week with my family

Amir: pchh. you tell me the day you leave?

Jake:See your'e always, your always very strange about stuff like this when I go away

Amir: Yeah real strange, sorry i get strange when my best friend is leaving for a week and he didn't even tell me.

Jake:Friend. your friend is leaving for a week.

Amir: You think were friends

Jake:Uhhh I.. yes

Amir: I actually might be able to come on Saturday...

Jake:no. you cant. do that.

Amir: wow. flights are ridiculously expensive...

Amir: this is why, this is why you should have said something earlier

Jake:C'mon don't do this. just stop

Amir: actually, is the train station close to your house.

Jake:Nantucket is an island...

Amir: alright so I'm looking at the wrong city, can you just come over here, i'm obviously having problems figuring it out, just help me out.

Jake:just stop doing it then, you're not going to come, so... you don't need to... you don't need to look it up

Amir: are you sure, are you sure your parents are alright... with it?

Jake:no, I'm sure they're not alright with it, i didn't even ask them...

Amir: OK

Jake: k...

Amir: there's a bus that actually leaves Friday afternoon and i   would get there late late late Friday night.

Jake:OK just stop looking it up, stop all that, your'e not coming, its only a week.

Amir: its forever and a day

Jake:6 days and a day.

Amir: 6 days and a day and then 7 nights.

Jake:we dont ever hang out during the night so its not any     different than it is now.

Amir: your'e right, we should hang out at night

Jake:I'm not saying that

Jake:alright look i have to go, ill write you a post card

Amir: every day

ill write you one

Amir: write me one every day

Jake:maybe

Amir: promise

Jake:no.

Amir: promise that youll maybe write you one every day

Jake:ok, ill promise that youll maybe write you one every day.

Amir: you mean so much to me.

Amir: so sad.

link

													

														Jake:I'm going to Nantucket for a week with my family.

Amir:So sad

(Six days later)

Jake's I saw the sign polyphonic midi ringtone rings

Amir:You rang?

Jake:No you rang, you called me like 15 times

Amir:It doesn't matter, how many times I called, or how many times you called me, like, what do you wanna talk about

Jake:Why did you even call me, i told you not to call me when I was on vacation

Amir:I thought you were just being polite...

Jake:How on earth did you think thats being polite, thats being, rude...

Jake:I specifically asked you not to call me

Amir:OK now your'e being a dick, and your politeness, backfired, so...

Jake:(facepalm)

Amir:Hello? Hello? Can you hear me?

Jake:Yeah.

Amir:Oh I thought, did you, i don't know if you are saying stuff or not, like how many bars do you have...

Jake:It wasn't a service thing I just didn't say anything...

Amir:I have four, so thats pretty much the most, so its probably something on your end.

Jake:Look forget it man, I'm gonna go, I'll call you back tomorrow and I'll see you at work alright?

Amir:I didn't get a postcard...

Jake:Huh, man I, it totally slipped my mind, ill bring you a souvenir or something

Amir:OK a friendship bracelet thanks.

Jake:OK a friend bracelet or a keychain or whatever...

Amir:Friendship keychain, thanks

Jake:So its just gonna be a keychain, but you can call it whatever you want...

Amir:So good?

Jake:OK thats fine, I'm, I'm gonna go alright?

Amir:OK, Umm.. ill see you tomorrow then I hope?

(Jake hangs up)

Amir:He.. hello. Hello?

Jake:(ringtone)

Amir:Jake its Amir, i think our phone got cut off, i don't know if its your fault or mine, I'm not gonna like blame you and you shouldn't blame me, but just call me back, OK, bye

Amir:Hey Jake, me again. I don't know if my last message got through, heh, cause i don't know if you have to press a button to send it, or if it just gets saved automatically. Uh OK, call me back bye.

Amir:Jake - Amir again, uhh my last message said its me, i meant, it's Amir, haha, i donno if your phone has caller ID, OK bye

Amir:Jake, it's Amir, phone tag, uh, you're it. Bye.

link

													

														Amir: Um, alright..I was talking to Ricky yesterday and he made it clear to me that one of our jobs was in danger.

Jake: Yours.

Amir: Yeah, mine...specifically.

Jake: So why didn't--why didn't you just say yours?

Amir: My job is in danger I just wanted to make this like a team thing..I know that if I got fired you'd come with me.

Jake: [shakes his head]  







Amir: So I wrote down some ideas because I know..yeah we can work here at College Humor til we're like sixty-five but we should always be thinking about the next......

Jake: [shaking his head] The next what? Do you want me to..?

Amir: The next......

Jake: Am I supposed to finish that sentence for you?  







Amir: Alright, first idea. You know how Barry Bonds is in the home run thing? Like he's about to break the record?

Jake: Yeah.

Amir: So, this website would text you when he hits the big one, when he hits number seven-fifty-five.

Jake: Uh, no that's stupid.

Amir: Okay. Second idea is if you loved the Barry Bonds idea--

Jake: Okay so just skip this one then.

Amir: Okay.

Jake: 'Cause the Barry Bonds idea was no good.

Amir: Okay. Okay. It would text you whenever anybody hits a homerun.  







Amir: Facebook for college students. So it's like a Facebook site but just for college students.

Jake: Yeah, that one's not gonna work just because, uh, Facebook already kind of has you know, every--all the college students--

Amir: Okay, just say..if you don't like something just say next 'cause it's a long list and I don't wanna waste your time.

Jake: Okay.

Amir: And you don't wanna waste mine.  







Amir: Global internet. Portal site.

Jake: Next.  







Amir: Discount electronics.

Jake: Uh, yeah. Sounds like a standard idea. It's not bad.

Amir: Okay, so let's discuss. I'll put a star by it and then let's talk. I was thinking five dollar digital cameras at first.

Jake: Okay, so....

Amir: Two dollar DVD players.

Jake: So you don't get how businesses work.  







Amir: This one's actually kind of cool it's--you step on your laptop and it weighs you. It tells you how much you weigh like a scale.

Jake: Okay so next.

Amir: Scale.com

Jake: Nope.  







Amir: Okay next one is...nicknames everybody loves them, nobody has them. I don't know what that meant. Any idea?

Jake: Nope. It's your list. Just cross it off don't check it. There you go.  







Amir: Funny chinese names.

Jake: I mean, that's offensive and not a good idea.  







Amir: Uh, an alphabetical database.

Jake: Of what?

Amir: Anything.

Jake: Next.

Amir: Okay.  







Amir: Uh, IMDb but no actors. Just the movies.

Jake: So it's worse IMDb.

Amir: Yes.

Jake: No.  







Amir: Alright, a website that says God bless you or Gesundheit for when people sn--

Jake: No good.

Amir: ...sneeze around the office. No good or good?

Jake: No good.

Amir: Okay, say that don't mumble. [Mumbling] Can you hear what I'm saying now or not 'cause I'm mumbling?

Jake: I can.

Amir: Okay.  







Amir: Okay this one's actually kind of neat. It's a telephone for deaf people. So when--

Jake: Next.

Amir: So when deaf people cannot use the PHONE--let me finish! It's so frustrating! I know you're not doing it on purpose but--  







Amir: I just have a couple..a couple more.

Jake: You know I should actually..I should get back to work this is what Ricky doesn't like. So...I'm just gonna... [waves goodbye] We'll leave it at that.

Amir: Um, okay I have like--

Jake: See you have a few pages, just--

Amir: I have--

Jake: Mail those to me?

Amir: Yeah, okay. Yeah.

Jake: Alright, cool. Good luck.

Amir: Should I..that's fine. Should I gmail? Or send it to your hotmail?

Jake: Uh, g--yeah send it to..send it to my hotmail.

Amir: Okay.

Jake: Later.

Amir: Wait, one more!

Jake: No.

Amir: Online paper?

Jake: I'm already out of here.

Amir: Does that mean anything to you? Online paper? Okay.  



Jake and Amir: Website Ideas

													

														Jake: Are you sleeping

Amir: Nods

Jake: C'mon man work

Amir:  Rubs eyes

Jake: You havn't done the vid... Jesus you haven't done this in weeks

Jake: Why on earth are you so tired?

Amir:  Second life, its this video game i play at night, all night

Jake: You cant pause it?

Amir: Psh-

Jake: Why cant you pause it?

Amir: its not that kind of video game, smarter than that...

Jake: Alright look, ill just do this work for you, take like a 5 minute nap, and try to be productive alright?

Amir: Thank you. For once thank you

Amir: I cant sleep, ahhh.

Jake: Dont distract me

Amir: Its not my neck, its where my neck hits my back, it hurts if i go like, that. It hurts me, if i go like that...

Puts on headphones

Amir: are you listening, can you hear this, can you hear this

Jake: Just shut up, im trying to do all of your work for you, just leave me alone for 5 minutes...

Amir: Come give me a massage.

Jake: I'm not rubbing your neck.

Amir: Uhh, I wont tell anyone.

Jake: Don't.

Amir is on Jakes lap

Jake: This is not happening,

Amir: Can you hear that, the click, im not doing it, there.

Link

													

														Amir: I'm definitely moving to Canada.

(Jake)

Amir: I'm definitely moving to Canada.

(Jake)

Amir: Do you even care?

Jake: Uh yeah why?

Amir: Cause reading this newspaper is depressing as sheesh.

Jake: What about it?

Amir: Bush. Specifically, our president.

Jake: And.

Amir: Taxes.

Jake: there are taxes in canada.

Amir: Yeah. Not these taxes.

Jake: Thats not what people are mad about.

Amir: Guns. It's depressing.

Jake: What about them

Amir: I really want one.

Jake: People are upset about how easy it is to get a gun.

Amir: Way too easy.

Jake: Whatever

Amir: listen, last night i was with a bunch of people and one guy is like, screw this, I'm moving to Canada, and everyone was really supportive, and I just wish, for once, you'd be supportive of me.

Jake: Let me see that paper

Amir: I don't know 'you want to. Its an American newspaper. It's all lies. Its fake news.

Jake: Right

Amir: If you want, if you want a real newspaper I can show you an online, uh, site. That shows, Great... Britain's, news.. unbiased source.

Jake: Are you done. That's the onion. That's going to be fake news stories, They're all jokes, not real.

Amir: Yeah.

Jake: Get it now?

Amir: OK so i knew there wasn't an earthquake in Japan.

Jake: Also, why are you in a suit?

Amir: Why are you in a suit?

Jake: Well, I came in in a suit, but you went home during lunch, and now you're in a suit, so I wanna know why that is

Jake: Quick, say something, so I don't think you're lying.

Amir: Don't have to answer, freedom of speech brother, our first amendment.

Jake: Yeah but I thought you were going to be a Canadian.

Amir: Psh. No way, these colors don't run.

Amir: Get 'er done.

Jake: Stop.

link

													

														Amir: Wow, I am, so sorry, i had no idea it would be that bad.

Amir: Jake.

Throws toilet roll at Jake

Amir: Jake I said i was sorry. What else do you want me to do, i  don't deserve this silent treatment.

Jake:Alright look, just don't talk to me for the rest of the day alright? I don't want to hear from you.

Amir: Can i least show you what the wrestling move would have looked like, if you didn't ruin it.

Jake:Absolutely not.

Amir: The thing is you were scared last time, if you could just conquer that fear, I think, it will look, really, really boss.

Jake:You probably should have explained to me that you were going to do a wresting move, and explain to me what I was supposed to do, right?

Jake:That's what your supposed to do...

Amir: Uh, your head goes in between my thighs and I suplex you off the table, and, listen my knees will hit the floor before your face, so don't brace your fall.

Jake:I'm not letting you do any wrestling moves on me, you obviously can't do them correctly.

Amir: I mean that splint is just as much your fault as it is mine, if not more yours because you're the one that actually put his wrist down

Jake:Don't talk to me anymore

Amir: Um, I wrote you a poem

Jake:Don't read it

Amir: We soared through the air

Jake: Don't read it.

Jake:Just tear it up right now and were even

Amir: You dont want to hear the rest of it?

Jake:Tear it up and throw it away.

Amir: If i tear this up were best friends.

Jake:OK, didn't say that, were just back to how it was before.

Jake:Here, give it to me.

Amir: You wanna, read it to yourself or something?

Jake rips it up

Amir: OK, uh whoah, huh OK wow uh stop, OK one second, i can still tape that back together.

Amir: Let me just get through the ending.

Amir: We soared in the air as two people but we landed as one.

Jake:Didnt hear that. putting on headphones

link

													

														Amir: (sung) I'm the one who wants to be with you. Be with you.



Jake: Woah, you were singing that?



Amir: What?



Jake: I thought it was a cd. It was pretty good!



Amir: Really?



Jake: I mean, have you ever taken voice lessons?



Amir: I mean, I did choir in, like, fifth grade.



Jake: Wow.



Amir: But not 'cuz I wanted to, because my mom said I had to do something after school, and I didn't want to do basketball 'cuz I was too good, not because I like singing.



Jake: No, it shows. You should, I mean you should walk around the office more and just sing in front of people. 



Amir: Who would walk around singing?



Jake: Yeah.



Amir (singing): Build up your confidence and you can be on time for once. Wake up, who cares about-



Amir (singing): So make the best of this test and don't ask why. It's not a question but a lesson learned in time.



Amir: Hey. Did I get, uh, a fax? 



Amir: Amanda, I had a question for you. 



Amanda: Can it wait? I'm really- 



Amir (interrupting): It's... actually I just forgot it, so it doesn't matter.



Amanda: (laughs) Alright, yeah, well I mean...



Amir: So weird that that happens.



Amanda: Ok.



Amir (singing): Hey there Delilah, I've got so much left to give.



Amir (singing): I wish you would step out from that ledge, my friend. I would understand.



Sam: Hey man. We have a meeting in here in, like, two minutes. 



Amir: You want me to sing during it?



Sam: I want you to leave during it.



Amir (singing): How wonderful life is.



Jake: Sounds good, man.



Amir: Thank you! It sounds good, man. Right?



Amir (singing): Even more in love with me you'd fall.



Amanda: I have to get back to work.



Amir: Yeah. Dumb bitch. 



Amir: So, sing before, or...



Sam: No singing, just leaving.



Amir: Got it. (whispered) Dickhead.



Amir: I mean, nobody else thinks I'm good; they don't see it. 



Jake: I was just kidding. I think you have a horrible singing voice. It's not good at all. 



Amir: No duh. Like I want to be good at singing. That's a gay sport.

													

														Amir: Mom, you are not coming up here. You do not come up here. That is so un-ace of you.



Amir: Of course you wouldn't get what that means. It's an inside joke between me and my bestest friend in the world. 



Amir: Listen, if you come up here, you're going to embarrass me, you're gonna embarrass me more than you've ever embarrassed me before. 



Amir: Just leave the cake with the security guard downstairs and I'll get it on my way home. Bye.



Jake: What was that?



Amir: Lunch? What are you thinking for lunch?



Jake: Was that your mom? You talk like that to your mother?



Amir: You don't get it, man. She's embarrassing as hell. 



Jake: Why? What is she doing?



Amir: First of all, she came here. She came here with a cake. She wants to come upstairs, meet everybody, give cake to everyone like it's a frickin' kindergarten class.



Jake: That's awesome! Cake... everybody here likes cake. Why would that be embarrassing? 



Amir: You don't get it. That's...



Jake: I brought my mom up here like two weeks ago.



Amir: Honestly, and I wasn't going to say anything, just-



Jake (interrupting): Don't say it.



Amir: Ok. You just, you look like a gaylord.



Jake: Don't be a dick, alright?



Amir: Ok. Classic example. Freshman year, she sends me cookies in the mail because it's was my birthday, right? I couldn't throw them away, I had to flush them down the toilet because I was afraid everybody would see them.



Jake: What's wrong with that?



Amir: Ugh, hold on a second. What? Oh my god, I don't need a laptop, I already told you. Just give it to the maid, I honestly... Goodbye.



Jake: What the hell is wrong with you?



Amir: It's like... do you have anyone in your life that just pisses you off, annoys you so much you wish you could just tell them off?



Jake: Yes.



Amir: But you secretly love them?



Jake: No.

													

														[Amir is holding and talking into the camera, walking on the street.]



AMIR: Hi mom! Thanks for buying me this video camera. I know you wanted me to use it to document what I do on a day-to-day basis, so I'm gonna do exactly that. This is my video letter to you. Usually, I start every day by going over to my best friend Jake's house, who lives right here. (Presses a button on a nearby apartment building to buzz Jake) He's expecting me.



JAKE: (talking through the buzzer) Hello?



AMIR: It's me!



JAKE: What the hell are you doing here?







AMIR: I know you wanted to see what I do on a day-to-day basis, so this is my video letter to you. Usually, I start every day by visiting my best friend Jake, who lives right here. (Buzzes Jake) He's expecting me.



JAKE: (talking through the buzzer) Agh. Come on up.



AMIR: See?







(Amir knocks on Jake's apartment door. Jake opens it.)



JAKE: You have twenty minutes.



AMIR: Ok, cut. Don't-







(Amir, outside the apartment again, knocks shave and a haircut; Jake opens the door.)



JAKE: Stay as long as you want.







(*Amir knocks the first part of shave and a haircut; Jake opens, and does the two bits part vocally.)



JAKE: Da da!



(Amir enters, and turns the camera to a woman sitting on the couch)



AMIR: Oh! Mara's here. (turns the camera to Jake) Kind of a third wheel, right?







[Amir is facing the camera again]



AMIR: Jake usually has food prepared for me when I get here. What's for brunch today, Jake? (Turns the camera to Jake.)



JAKE: Here you go. (Tosses a bag of buns to Amir)



AMIR: Okay, come on. What is this?







[Jake is preparing a bowl of cereal.]



JAKE: Honey Nut Cheerios, your favorite.







(Amir is sitting at the table, facing the camera)



AMIR: Brunch was delicious! Now we usually see a movie. What's it today, partner-in-life?



JAKE: Absolutely not.



AMIR: Rush Hour 3?



JAKE: No.



AMIR: Come on, man. Come on. (Puts the camera down) 20 bucks. 20 bucks for the movie.



JAKE: 40.







[Amir is facing the camera again]



AMIR: Now we usually see a movie. What's it today, buddy?



JAKE: It's Rush Hour 3.



AMIR: Wow, Rush Hour 3. Do you understand the words that are coming out of my mouth?



JAKE: That's Rush Hour 1.







[Jake and Amir are still at the table, the camera turned on Jake.]



AMIR: How was the movie, Jake?



JAKE: It was good.



AMIR: What was your favorite part?



JAKE: (unenthusiastically) The karate.



AMIR: Come on.







[Jake is in the bathroom talking to Mara, and Amir is surreptitiously filming them through the partially opened door.]



AMIR: (to the camera) Mom, take a look. Jake and his girlfriend are in the bathroom together.



Mara: I want him the FUCK out of here, Jake!



JAKE: Alright, calm down! I'll tell him to leave right now.



(Amir runs back to the kitchen.)



AMIR: Um. Usually, we play videogames after the movie.







[Amir is filming himself in the mirror, pretending to walk down nonexistent stairs; he notices Jake.]



AMIR: What's up man? Hey, uh, videogames.



JAKE: Right, no. You gotta get out of here.



AMIR: What?



JAKE: Sorry, uh, you just gotta go.



AMIR: What's up?



JAKE: Nothing, it's just time to leave.



AMIR: Okay. Uh, totally, thank you so much for all this.



JAKE: Hey listen... 100 bucks, and you can hug me.



AMIR: 100 bucks for... and I get to hug you?



JAKE: Yeah.



AMIR: On video. Definitely.



JAKE: Alright.



AMIR: Hold this. (He hands Jake the camera; sounds of him counting money can be heard.) Alright, fine. I only have 80 left, but...



Mara: Jake!



JAKE: See you later.



AMIR: Come on, man! I'll give you 20...



JAKE: There's an ATM around the corner.



Mara: Jake!



AMIR: I'll be--



JAKE: Go, quick.



AMIR: I'll be back in, like, less than two minutes. Where is it?



JAKE: Around the corner. This is still taping.



AMIR: Turn it off, I'll be back--







[Amir is talking to the camera, still in Jake's apartment.]



AMIR: Alright, time to go! Uh, hold this. One second. (Gives the camera to Mara.) Later man. (Hugs Jake.)



JAKE: See you later.



AMIR: Bye mom!



(THANKS MOM displays, with Thong Song by Sisq playing)







[Mara is still holding the camera, pointing it at Amir. Amir is waving at Jake, who is off-camera.]



AMIR: 20 for... 20, one shot waving.



(Jake comes over and starts waving at the camera with Amir, while Amir fishes out a 20 dollar bill.)







(Jake and Amir wave at the camera for a bit.)



AMIR: Thank you so much.



JAKE: Do you know how to edit?



AMIR: Yeah. No. I'll just put it in a timeline, and you export it. It's super easy. (Takes the camera back) How do you turn it off?



JAKE: Right there. Top.

													

														Ben: Jake.



Jake: Yes, sir.



Ben: Grab a seat. Take a load off.



Jake: Thank you. 



Ben: How have you been?



Jake: Good. I've been good, sir. How have you been?



Ben: Oh, we've been good, we've been good.



Ben: So, Q2 reviews have been handed in. Um, peer reviews also have come in. 



Ben: Listen, we're not exactly concerned about your work, um, there are, however, some red flags that we've seen. 



Jake: Which is why I wanted to show you my portfolio, which I-



Ben (interrupting): No, I didnt- Look, we've seen that, and that's fine, but what we did want to talk to you about is-



Ben: Do you, do you two, uh, because actually this is something that we did want to talk- 



Jake (interrupting): Definitely. You know what, just give me two seconds and I'll... two seconds and I'll be right back. 



Ben: Yeah. You got two seconds.



Ben: Hey.



Jake: Hey, uh, really sorry, I'm just not prepared for this today-



Ben: No, you're not.



Jake: Can we, can we please reschedule for, uh, anytime next week?



Ben: Listen. No, no no no. We, we can't



Jake: Ok. Great. Thank you. Thank you very much.



Amir: Uuuuh, you're welcome!



Jake: Thanks.



Amir: Meetings are gay. Dilbert was right.

													

														Jake: What's up, man?



Amir: Hey. 



Jake: Eating by yourself like a fucking loser, huh?



Amir: Yeah.



Jake: You're a fucking joke, Blumenfeld, you know that?



Amir: Ok.



Jake: Have you even gotten laid? You ever fucked, Blumenfeld? No, I didn't think so, did you? You're a piece of shit, right? 



Jake: You think you're a piece of shit? Just say you're a piece of shit. 



Amir: Owwww. 



Jake: Say it.



Amir: I'm a piece of shit. 



Jake: Yeah.



Amir: Just leave me alone!



Jake: That's right. 



Amir: You know, you're not being very nice to me today.



Jake: Yeah, fuck you. 



Amir: I mean, I appreciate that you're sitting next to me, eating lunch with me, but-



Jake: Yeah right. I wouldn't eat lunch with you to save my mother's life. 



Jake: You know you're a fucking joke, man? Nobody respects you, why don't you name one person in this office that even likes you. 



Amir: I don't know, you?



Jake: Wrong!



Amir: Why don't you just get out of here and let me finish my lunch in peace?



Amir: Come on! Look, this is all wet! Ugh, it's so soggy! Ugh, it's gross! Ugh, so soggy! It's so gross! What's your problem?



Jake: Hey, Amir, one last thing. 



Amir: What?



Jake: You failed. That's right, man. It was a test. 



Amir: What are you talking about?



Jake: Can't let people talk to you like that, man. You gotta, you gotta stand up for yourself. Be strong.



Amir: Ok. Thanks.



Jake: Yeah.



Amir: Uh, if you ever do another test, can you make sure it's not this way?



Jake: Don't talk back to me!



Amir: I'm so sorry.



Jake: Alright, see ya.



Amir: It's meant a lot to me. 



Jake: Yeah, whatever.



Jake: I bet you I can go in there and barrade Amir, ruin his lunch, come back out, and he's gonna respect me more than he ever has. 



Jeff: Yeah, probably.



Jake: Yeah.

													

														Jake - Alright so you're gonna take 48 and uh... multiply that by 56



Amir - 916



Jake - and you should get 2688



Amir makes a face where he sticks his tongue out and its hard to describe



Jake - and then just add that to 93 times 12



Amir - hundred and six



jake - yeah



Jake turns to Amir and stage whispers



Jake - Way off



Jake is talking to his brother again



Jake - Alright, so just give me a call back if you have any questions, see ya



Amir is stroking his face



Jake - my little brother was having trouble with his third grade math... Six time seven



Amir - 102



Jake - nine times three



Amir - 52



Jake - you're so confidant in your answer, but you're completely off



Amir - Hmm?



Jake - four times six



Amir - 22



Jake - five times five



Amir - 55



Jake - eight times six



Amir - six



Jake - One times four



Amir - eleven



Jake - this isn't word association, it's math, think about it



Amir - Sorry dad



Jake - Eight times two



Amir - sixty



Jake - sixty or sixteen?



Amir - sixty



Jake - fifty/fifty shot



Amir goes back to stroking his face

													

														[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks. Amir has a hanger sticking out the back of his shirt. Jake's wrist is in a brace.]



AMIR: Hey.



JAKE: ...



AMIR: Hello?



JAKE: Hey.



AMIR: It's me.



JAKE: I know, you're-- you're sitting across from me.



AMIR: What's going on for tonight?



JAKE: Nothing.



AMIR: You know I can barely hear you, I dunno if it's you or if it's me.



JAKE: It's definitely you. We're not on the phone, Amir.



AMIR: Ok. Lemme talk to you later.



JAKE: That's fine.



AMIR: Alright I'll talk to you later.



JAKE: Ok!



AMIR: Bye.



JAKE: What is your problem, and what is in your back?



AMIR: What? (reaches his arm to feel for what's in his back. He grabs it and starts laughing.) Oh my God. Look at this! I walked to work, (he takes out the hanger) there's still a hanger in my back. Ahah! I guess I never took it off of it when I wore it to work.



JAKE: C'mon, man.



AMIR: What?



JAKE: We talked about this. I will only talk to you if--



AMIR: If you don't feel pity, I know, I'm sorry.



JAKE: ...



AMIR: Jake, it's Amir. I feel really bad about before. I hope we can still be gullies, man.



JAKE: ...



AMIR: (scratching his neck with the hangar) Uh... Jake it's Amir again--



JAKE: Shut up!



AMIR: Hello?



JAKE: ...

													

														AMIR: Labor Day.?



JAKE: Yup.?



AMIR: What did you do this long weekend?



?JAKE: Uh, went home, visited my family, you?



?AMIR: I went camping.?



JAKE: Sounds pretty fun, who'd you go with??



AMIR: I went-I went alone, I went by myself. 



JAKE: (chuckles) . . . Oh, you're serious.?



AMIR: Yeah.



?JAKE: Why would you do that?



?AMIR: Huh??



JAKE: Why would you go camping on your own?



?AMIR: I asked around, nobody really wanted to go, so . . . 



?JAKE: So the normal reaction to that is just not to go, right??



AMIR: Live and learn, I guess. 



JAKE: Where'd you go?



?AMIR: The Adirondacks.?



JAKE: God, that's like, 3 hours away.



?AMIR: Yeah, it's 350 miles north of here.



?JAKE: How did you get there?



?AMIR: I took a cab.?



JAKE: Jesus! Are you kidding me? How much was it?



?AMIR: Seventeen hundred dollars.?



JAKE: Oh my god, Amir! How do you have that kind of money to waste? 



?AMIR: I don't. ?



JAKE: Jesus, you look really sick. ?



AMIR: I am, I know, I haven't eaten in three days. ?



JAKE: Yeah, you look really pale. Did you not bring food?



?AMIR: No. I mean I thought I'd catch a fish or something. 



?JAKE: Are there even lakes up there?



?AMIR: No, that's the worst part. I had to like, follow squirrels and try to club them over the head with a fishing rod.?



JAKE: How did you get home?



?AMIR: (screams in pain) My leg! 



?JAKE: You can't change the subject.?



AMIR: I took a cab.?



JAKE: . . . god. 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyPPHx2iRL0 

													

														Amir: I thought of Halloween costumes for us.



Jake: What?



Amir: Blood brothers.



Jake: Number one, Halloween is two months away. Two, we're not dressing the same, and three, blood brothers isn't a costume.



Jake: Don't! I'm- What is that?



Amir: Uh, this is just a key, but I'm ready to do it with a pin if you are.



Jake: Alright, I'm not.



Amir: Ok.



Jake: Not even close.



Amir: You're just saying that to impress your friends.



Jake: What friends? What are you talking about?



Amir: Any friend. Anything.



Jake: Are you just, like, repeating stuff you heard on T.V. again?



Amir: Why do I feel like I'm the only one working on this?



Jake: Ok, so you are. I think I probably just shouldn't talk to you.



Amir: Maybe you should.



Jake: Ok, you're talking really strangely.



Amir: Definitely. 



Jake: Ok, see, it's like, even that, it seems like it makes sense, but it doesn't.



Amir: I guess I'm acting weird because I lost a brother today.



Jake: You mean like a blood brother?



Amir: Yeah.



Jake: Ok, that doesn't count.



Jake: Do it.



Amir: No. It really hurt last time.



Jake: Thought so.

													

														(Amir sniggers)



Jake: What the hell, man? What is it?



Amir: Look at your desktop.



Jake: Oh my god!



Amir: (Laughing) Oh, man.



Jake: What is that?!



Amir: It's an old fashioned prank, son. It's my parents having sex, and it's on your desktop.



Jake: What?!



Amir: I put a picture of my parents having sex, and now it's on your desktop.



Jake: Hey that's not a prank on me, man.



Amir: What?



Jake: Sarah, look at this.



Amir: What are you doing?



(Sarah comes over)



Jake: It's Amir's parents having sex.



Sarah: Your mom's not even enjoying it.



Amir: Come on! Stop! This is a prank for you, not for her!



Jake: You guys!



Amir: Stookay, no.



Jake: Hey!



Amir: I don't want you to be embarrassed.



Jake: I know! Oh my god.



Amir: Come on.



Jake: I should send this out.



Sarah: Streeter!



Amir: Don'tcome on! Stop it.



Jake: Cassels, come here!



(Pat comes over)



Amir: No, don't come here! Please! I'm beJake, I'm begging you, please do not comeit's not! It's a joke, it's a prank! Please! What 

are you doing?!



(Pat arrives at Jake's computer)



Sarah: [indiscernible] Amir Blumenfeld.



Jake: Amir's parents having sex.



Amir: Come on, stop. It's just a prank for you!



(Amir fiddles on Jake's computer to hide the photo)



Sarah: Jeff, look!



(Jeff looks)



Amir: There's nothing to look at!



(Jeff laughs. Amir puts Jake's monitor facing down on the desk.)



Amir: Prank over. Okay? Everyone had their fun, right?



Jake: Can you put my monitor back? Put it back up.



Dan: What's going on?



Amir: I wanna prank you, but you made me feel bad about it.



Jake: You know, for your next prank, you should just like, piss your pants in public. That would really get me.



Amir: You think so?



Jake: That would be pretty good. Is there another picture on here?



Amir: Don't open it!

													

														Jake: What are you doing?



Amir: Why don't you pass the axe, bro? I'll show you how to really shred. Shred so hard.



Amir: Give me the triangle plastic disc.



Jake: The pick?



Amir: The disc, yeah, the dick. Pick.



Amir: Did you even, like, tune this axe? I taught myself how to play guitar.



Jake: Ok.



Amir: So. Pretty fly for a white guy.



Jake: Yeah, but, that wasn't you playing. That was Will. You just cut to a close-up of Will playing.



Amir: Nah.



Jake: Why don't you just play that same exact thing except no close-up shots, just a plain old shot of you playing.



Amir: Easy. 



Jake: Wanna take that disc and play?



Amir: It's a pick.



Amir: When I taught myself how to play guitar, uh, I knew two chords.



Amir: Hold on a second.



Jake: Just go up.



Amir: Stop, stop. This... you messed it up. 



Jake: I messed it up?



Amir: Yeah. And now...



Jake: Now everybody knows, so I did mess it up.



Amir: Honestly, when I came in here and you were playing guitar, I thought you were playing the electric guitar. This is the only guitar I know how to play.



Amir: I'm sorry for confusing you, how many times to I have to apologize to you?



Jake: You haven't apologized yet, but once is fine. 



Amir: I just, I'm starting to feel like crap around you, man. It's just, I don't know what I'm doing wrong. 



Jake: Nothing.



Amir: Like, I got 15% on Free Bird the other day, I activated super power and just didn't mean it.



Jake: Star power.



Amir: I can't even talk around you anymore. 



Amir: Ever since, I don't know, ever since she came I just feel like crap.



Jake: Who's she?



Amir: My Playstation 3.



Amir: I don't shred by taking things, like, easily, you know? Look at this.



Jake: Yeah.

													

														Jake (answering phone): Hello?



Amir: Woah. Wow. Hello.



Jake: What? Did you miss your flight?



Amir: Uh, yeah. Actually, no. I was... I'm in the bathroom now.



Jake: What?



Amir: Sorry, lavatory. I mean, what's the difference, anyway? There's nothing a little notorious about this place. 



Jake: What the hell are you talking about?



Amir: I mean, like, it looks like a bathroom, but they call it a lavatory. I just, I don't get it.



Jake: No, I mean how are you on the phone?



Amir: I don't know, I mean, I was lonely as hell, so I tried to see if this would work.



Jake: Come on, don't say lonely. Say bored, remember?



Amir: Ok, sorry. 



Jake: Alright, look, this is really dangerous, I'm just going to hang up. 



Amir: No, don't! I'm bored as shit! 



Jake: No, it's unsafe!



Amir: Ok, fine. I'll call you when I land.



Jake: Don't. Jesus.



Amir: Hello?



Rosie: Was that Amir?



Jake: Yeah. 



Rosie: Is he in-flight?



Jake: He is. 



Sarah: Um, Amir just texted me. 'What's Jake doing?'



Jake: Oh my god. 

													

														[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks] 



(Girl comes up behind Jake and puts her arms around him) 



Jake: (moans  laughs) What's up dude? 



Girl: Hey. 



Jake (puts arms up): Tickle me. (Girl tickles Jake) (laughs) Ah man. 



(Girl leaves) 



Jake: See ya. 



Amir: What was that? 



Jake: What? 



Amir: What? Are you ticklish all of a sudden? 



Jake: What's the big deal? 



Amir: Nothing... I have to go to the bathroom. (gets up and walks away) 



(Amir stands up behind Jake's chair and puts his arms around Jake) 



Jake (thinking its the same girl): Hey, you're back? (looks around to see that it's Amir and pushes him away) Wha- What the fuck is the matter with you? 



Amir: So you're not ticklish! 

													

														AMIR:  Do bald people have to like shampoo their scalp???



JAKE: No.??



AMIR: I guess it looks like one of those questions nobody will know the answer to. 



??JAKE: Well, I just told you, so. ??



AMIR: It's a rhetorical question. ?



JAKE: It's not. ??



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0KW5Px5ywQ 

													

														No Intro







JAKE: Oh man, come over here and look at this picture.



AMIR: Why?



JAKE: Just come over here and look at it.



AMIR: Just turn your monitor around.



JAKE: Oh god- Come over here, I want to see your face.



AMIR: I know it's going to be one of those disgusting sites.



JAKE: No-



The phone rings.



JAKE: Oh shit hold on. To the phone Hello?



AMIR: Get off the phone though.



JAKE: To the phone Hello? Mom?



AMIR: Okay, if it's personal you should definitely get off the phone.



JAKE: To the phone Mom are you crying? Are you okay?



AMIR: Jake get off the phone.



JAKE: To the phone Mom, are you okay?



AMIR: It's before six. You're not supposed to be making personal phone calls before six.



JAKE: To the phone What-what's going on?



AMIR: Earth to Jake: get off the phone. It's so annoying.



JAKE: To the phone When?



AMIR: No personal calls before six, that's a rule, and the reason it's a rule is because it annoys people when you talk.



JAKE: To the phone Oh my god. Is he going to be okay?



AMIR: If he's going to be okay he's going to be okay at six, if he's not okay he's going to be still dead at six.



JAKE: Can you shut up? To the phone Do you need me to call Hannah?



AMIR: Seriously, if you're going to call your sister, go out, do it in the lunch room, on your cell phone-



JAKE: Please leave me alone right now. To the phone I love you call me if you hear anything else.



Jake hangs up the phone.



AMIR: Oh I'm sorry are you crying because I disciplined you? Well guess what Jake? This is the real world; there are rules and bosses discipline their employees if they break those rules, right? 



JAKE: You're not my boss and just shut up, I may have lost my dad today.



AMIR: Okay, wow. I didn't realize you guys were so close. Come on man, let's go get fro-yo or something. Do you have five bucks? Do you have five bucks though because I don't think I have- I don't think I have it on me. I really think it will cheer you up.

													

														Jake: Amir, keep away?



Amir: no



Jake: Yeah



Amir: No



Jake: Hey Jeff!



[Jake and Jeff start throwing a bean bag back and forth]



Amir: I'm not playing



Jake: Yeah you are



Amir: No I'm not



[Jake laughs as he, Jeff, and Amir stand up. Keep away continues]



Jake: Come on.



Amir: No, I'm not, I have to go to the bathroom.



[The game continues, Jake knocks Amir down when he runs towards him.]



Amir: AH! Fuck man! What ah What the hell is your problem?



Jake: I'm sorry dude, here. [Jake throws amir the bean bag]



Amir: Ha! It appears as though the mentor has become the mentee [A lot of loose change comes out of Amir's pockets as he gets up]



Amir: You see, what you don't get Jake is, when it comes to keep away the hand is quicker than the eye, Jeff!



[Amir throws the bean bag to Jeff, but it is caught by Jake]



Amir: Ok, I quit, forget it then, I don't wanna play.

													

														(Jake puts on headphones and starts rocking out to Girl All the Bad Guys Want. Amir notices, and starts to imitates him. When Amir puts 

on headphones, Jake notices Amir.)



Jake: What are you doing?



Amir: What?



Jake: What are you doing?



Amir: Listening to DVDs.



Jake: MP3s. And no you're not, your iTunes is empty, I know that. Why don't you listen to the CD I gave you?



Amir: I don't know how to put it in.



(Jake resumes rocking out, and Amir resumes imitating him)



Jake: Can you just stop?



Amir: What are you listening to?



(Amir unplugs Jake's headphones so that the song is played on his speakers; Jake tries to plug them back in)



Jake: Stop!



Amir: Jake's listening to Bowling for Soup!



Jake: No I'm not! Shut up. Come on.



Amir: You like Bowling for Soup?



Jake: No I don't like Bowling for Soup, it was a... a banner ad. It popped up. Shut up.



Amir: You were listening to a banner ad for two minutes? You were singing along with it.



Jake: Amir.



Amir: (To Pat) Hey



Jake: Amir.



Amir: Jake listens to Bowling for Soup.



Jake: Amir. Amir. Amir. Dinner. Right now. Let's go.



Amir: What?



Jake: Dinner. Come on. You have five seconds.



Amir: Are you serious?



Jake: Yeah.



Amir: I'm leaving.



Jake: Okay, let's go!

													

														(Jake drinks some Coke and burps)



Amir: (Trying to imitate his burp) Aaaaahh.



Jake: What?



Amir: Uhhhh.



Jake: So you don't know how to burp?



Amir: Not. I can burp.



Jake: Alright. I honestly don't even care.



(Amir tries to force a burp, and throws up)



Jake: My...



Amir: You know when you burp and you throw up a little and you can taste it in your mouth?



Jake: Yeah.



Amir: Dinner tonight?

													

														Amir: (laughs) Look, a taxi cab over there, it look like it's Britney Spears is driving it. It's all over the place.



Jake: (laughs) Oh... 



Amir: (laughs) Did you see the MAD T.V. on Saturday where they made fun of Britney Spears? 



Amir: So you're, like dropping-



Jake: My friend Chuck is hilarious. I'm talking to him right now. Did you say something?



Amir: Yeah. 



Jake: What?



Amir: Fuck you.



Jake: Why? (Amir leaves) Ok. 



Jake: (chases Amir after Amir hits him)

													

														[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks. Amir holds up a camera and takes a picture of Jake] 



(Jake scoffs, Amir laughs) 



Amir: I just took the funniest picture of you. 



Jake: Can you just work or something? Please. 



Amir: You're not gonna believe the face you made. (gets up and walks over to Jake) 



Jake: I'm sure I will. 



(Amir shows Jake pictures on his camera, quickly passing over many stalker-like pictures of Jake to get to the picture he just took. Jake looks distressed)



Amir: There's a lot of pictures, I had no idea. 



(Pictures of Jake at the park, on a date) 



Amir: (laughs) Sorry, that one's a video. 



(More pictures of Jake: In the bathroom, in the shower (?), naked, getting dressed, and finally at his desk) 



Amir: There. Right there. You see that? (laughs) You're like (confused) hmm? 



Jake: Yeah. No, yeah... That is good. I'm gonna go to the bathroom. 



Amir: Okay. (points camera toward Jake) Which bathroom? 



Jake: Don't. 



(Amir takes a picture)

													

														Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks.



AMIR: Can you do me a favor?



JAKE: No.



AMIR: I need thirty bucks.



JAKE: Kay, definitely not. Why do you need thirty bucks?



AMIR: The programmer guys they...they stole my wallet.



JAKE: Oh, god. When?



AMIR: I don't know. Eight days ago.



JAKE: Jesus. How have you been eating?



AMIR: I haven't. 



JAKE: What are you planning on doing when the thirty dollars is up?



AMIR: Easy. You go to delis with hot bars, and at the end of the day when they're about to throw them away you say you work for a shelter, they donate it to you, and then you just take-



JAKE: Ugh, never mind. 



Jake gets up from his desk



AMIR: Thirty dollars, please!



JAKE: No!



Jake returns with Amir's wallet, hands it to Amir. 



AMIR: Ah, thank you so much. 



Amir opens wallet.



AMIR: Those pricks stole that picture of you. 



Jake sits back at his desk



JAKE: (Sighs) No actually, I took that back. 



AMIR: Kay.



Amir puts his wallet back in his pocket.



AMIR: That's fair.



JAKE: Yeah. You know if you don't just stand up for yourself they're not going to stop walking all over you. 



AMIR: Trust me, I can handle them, I just needed to-



Jeff walks over to Amir's desk



JEFF: Hey, nice camera. (Pushes Amir in the head) Nerd!



Amir lets out a groan.



Amir is sitting on Jake's lap.



JAKE: See, this doesn't work. 



END



EPISODE LINK

													

														Amir: Can you send me an email just to see if it works? To my Gmail?



Jake: I will transmit it to your brain!



Amir: Yes, do send me the data! Oo, the king requests the information to be sent to me, forthwith! Quickly now!



Jake: Stop.



Amir: Quickly.



Jake: Alright, I get it.



Amir: Oo, before they see us.



Jake: Just quit it!



Amir: Oo, the prince comes! He comes and goes, he doesn't know what Michelangelo knows.



Jake: Would you please chill out?



Amir: Oh! Oh! Oh! (Picks up a coffee cup) A car! Oo, what hark, the king requests me



Jake: Stop it, please.



Amir: drew the information upon your chest!



Jake: Don't do anything like



Amir: Mm, don't you know



Jake: What the hell are you doing?!



Amir: Sorry.



Jake: No. I try to have a little bit of fun, and you just take it too far, every fucking time!



Amir: You've changed, man. You've changed.



Jake: Oh have I!

													

														Amir (walks in, showing of jacket): Ahem.



Jake: That's new.



Amir: Yup.



Jake: Yeah, that's sharp. 



Amir: It's actually really sharp.



Jake: Yeah.



Jake (taking the coat from Amir): Here, let me get-



Amir: Woah! (chuckles) I usually don't spend so much money on myself, but...



Jake: Oh, wow. 



Amir: It fit really well.



Jake: This is mine now.



Amir: Yeah, this is mine now.



Sarah: Hey Jake, nice jacket.



Jake: Thank you. 



Amir: Nice, it's mine, though.



Jake: It's brand new.



Amir: Yeah, so, it's yours now.



Jake: Yeah.



Amir: Until... until when is it yours, then?



Jake: Forever.



Amir: Right.



Jake: It's mine. Like, it's mine now.



Amir: Oh. When will, when, when will it be mine, now?



Jake: It will not be yours now, Amir.



Amir: (snaps fingers) If I can clear that chair, it's mine.



Jake: No, it's not!



Amir: (tries jumping over a chair, falls) Ow! Oh!



Jake: Still mine then, right?



Amir: Uh, at least pay me half of what I paid.



Jake: Boom!

													

														JAKE: I wonder how they make bubble wrap.?



AMIR: (chuckle) You wonder how they make bubble wrap? (laughs)?



JAKE: Yeah . . . do, do you know?



?AMIR: Oh, hmm, let's see Jake, uh...it couldn't possibly be plastic, so...?



JAKE: OK, I'm listening, you have my attention now. 



?AMIR: Uh, it would be ridiculous to think that they take plastic and they melt it down to a thin layer. Oh that's in-that's insane, nobody could figure that out, who'd crack that mystery? H-how do they get the air in there? I don't know, do they...put it in? 



?JAKE: OK, so you obviously don't know either. 



?AMIR: Yeah, well, let's see, it resembles bamboo canes and that nodes are twen--



?JAKE: What are you looking at? 



?AMIR: I'm looking at corn. How do you spell bubble wrap? ?



JAKE: It's not c-o-r-n. ?



AMIR: ('free-styling') Ain't it weird when two boys do they just don't know something, so they look it up together, and they become best friends. you and I --?



JAKE: Stop free-styling. ?



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTJIqg_AIWU 

													

														Amir: New computer huh?



Jake: Yeah.



(Jake moves the new tall monitor so it blocks his line of sight to Amir. Amir cranes his neck sideways to see Jake; Jake moves the 

monitor more.)



Amir: (With his neck still sideways) Ow. (Standing up so he can see over Jake's monitor) Come on, this is ridiculous, I can't work like 

this. I can't even see my screen!



Jake: Can you just try to relax? What are you doing?



Amir: (Getting up on his desk) One second.



Jake: Come on. Amir. Just try to work like a normal person. Please.



Amir: (Sitting on his desk now) Did I tell you I found the sickest Halloween costumes for us brotha? Check it out. (Pointing to 

himself) Corn(pointing to Jake) and the cob.



Jake: You mean corn on the cob.



Amir: Is it?

													

														(Jake and Patrick sitting on beanbag)



Jake: So you've, like, been chasing the same girl for three months?



Patrick: Right, exactly.



Jake: Yeah, and so this is what you got to do.



Amir: (farts)



Patrick: (laughs)



Jake: Oh god, that's digusting. 



Patrick: Epic. 



Jake: (gets up to leave)



Patrick: No, no, wait, wait. Finish what you were saying. 



Jake: Alright. What I'm saying is you have to plant a lot of seeds and see what grows, because there's no point in just having one girl on your radar.



Amir: Exactly. Listen. It's called the Amir theory.



Jake: Nope.



Amir: You gotta have girls on your radar. You plant seeds, see what grows, right? Sometimes it's a tree, sometimes it's a leaf. 



Jake: Shut up, Amir.



Patrick: No no, he's right. Sometimes it comes to fruition, and sometimes it doesn't.



Jake: No, you don't understand. He never really knows what he's talking about. 



Amir: You guys are talking about frenching.



Jake: No, we're-



Patrick: (laughs) Good one. Thanks for the advice, one.



Amir: (laughs) Good one. Thanks for the advice, man.



Jake: You're not a monkey.



Amir: (monkey screech, hits Jake) AH AH AH!

													

														JAKE: Hey, what's that, uh, killer away mess that you throw up when you have to go #2?



AMIR: Dropping brown babies off at the pool, why? 



JAKE: That's it. I'm going to throw that puppy up there right now. 



AMIR: Come on, don't. 



JAKE: Sorry, bro.



(Pat begins laughing, followed by Dan, then Jeff, Streeter and the entire office. They all crowd around Jake applauding and cheering and then hoist him up and begin chanting his name as they carry him around)



AMIR: Come on, you gu- (Amir gets kicked in the chin by Jake, waking up in the now empty office. It was all a bizarre dream. It is dark out.)  Brown babies is mine.  



JAKE: What are you talking about? It's 9:30, go home. 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpJkr-8qiNc 

													

														[Amir gets up and slaps Jake's arm.]



Amir: You're it!



Jake: Don't hit me man, alright?



Amir: I'm sorry



[Amir slaps Jake across the face]



Jake: What the hell is wrong with you? [Jake pushes Amir]



[Amir punches Jake in the face, causing Jake to sit down with blood streaming down his face]



Jake: What the hell is wrong with you!?



Amir: Sorry, I feel like a dick.



Jake: w-will you at least get me a towel? I'm getting light headed.



Amir: Follow my voice



[Amir is holding a small piece of a tissue.]



Jake: Don't make me follow your voice, just put it in my hand... You're kidding me!



[Jake wipes the blood from under his nose]



Jake: Oh my god.



Amir: It's all over your shirt bro.



Jake I- just get away from me.



Amir: Listen I feel really bad, you hit me. 



[Amir puts his hand out, Jake slaps it away.]



Amir: OW!



Jake: Don't try to...



Amir: Look it's all re- we're even.

													

														Amir: Ugh, It's so hot in here, I don't know how you can handle it.



Jake: I'm Pretty comfortable



Amir: I just gotta take of my sweat shirt (He removes his hoodie to show a Jake and Amir: So Ace T-shirt many sizes too small) Sup? Jake and Amir. So ace.



Jake: So Scary



Amir: Scary? Good. Got these made. Pound it brutha (Goes for fist bump and Jake taps his hand with a pen he is holding) Got one for you, so..



Jake: I wouldn't wear it. It's really really tight.



Amir: It's tight as shit, that's why I love it so much



Jake: I mean, it makes you look fat



Amir: Yep, who wouldn't look phat in a shirt this tight!



Jake: What I'm saying is that it's small



Amir: Small as shit



Jake: You know that one doesn't work, right?



Amir: Yes



Sarah: Oh, nice. Your face is on a shirt! Sweet! (High fives Amir, before mouthing wow behind his back)



Amir: Ladies love it. (Flexing) Jake. (Pushes Jake's head)

													

														Jake (leading Maureen around office): This is my friend, Sarah.



Sarah: Hi!



Maureen: Hi, Sarah, nice to meet you.



Sarah: Nice to meet you.



Jake: And, uh this is my desk.



Amir (trying to introduce himself)



Maureen: Nice. Nice view, too.



Jake: And over here is just the editorial, I mean we're all...



Maureen: Hi, guys.



Jake: This is Jeff. 



Maureen: Hi Jeff, nice to meet you.



Jake: And Streeter.



Streeter: Hi.



Maureen: Hey, Streeter.



Streeter: How are you doing?



Maureen: I've heard about you. 



Amir: (laughs)



Jake: I'll show you the rest of the office.



Amir: Streeter is so retarded.



Jake: This is my friend, Dan.



Maureen: Hi Dan.



Dan: Hi.



Maureen: I'm Maureen. 



Dan: Nice to meet you.



Amir (comes out from hiding, shirtless): I'm Dan, too.



Dan: Uh, what do you think...



Amir: (knocks headphones off desk) Wow.



Maureen (talking to Dan): I'm visiting to next week, and...



Amir: Do they do this in Germany? (tries jumping a blanket, falls)



Dan: (making small talk with Maureen)



Amir: Oooh, fuuuuuuu. (trying to get off floor)



Dan: Is Jake showing you around, or...



Maureen: He's showing me around, where everyone is.



Dan: It's a nice place.



Amir (on floor): Little help!



Jake: Well, you wanna grab lunch or something?



Maureen: Sounds great.



Amir: (hits head on cabinet) Huh! Ahhhhh! Fuck! Ow. (speaks in incomprehensible slurs, implying he has brain damage)



Amir: Whooh! (falls to floor) Ahh. 

													

														[Jake is filming himself with his laptop's webcam, and there is a green screen roller coaster travelling backwards in the background.]



JAKE: Hey, I just got this uh, cool new thing in uh, this cool new program that does like green screen effects, and I'm on a roller coaster right now. (Puts his hands up and screams as though he's riding the roller coaster). AAAAAHHHHH HELP ME!! Haaha, oh man this is--



AMIR: (Coming into view from the side, yelling very loudly) HOLY SHITTTTTT!!!! AAAHHH!!! AAAAAAAHH!!!! AAEEHHHHH!!- (Putting his arm around Jake from behind) I CAN SEE MY HOUSEE!!!!--



JAKE: (Pushing Amir off of him) COME ON!



END.

													

														JAKE: Question. Halloween is on . . . ??



AMIR: November-?



JAKE: October thirty. . . ?



AMIR: Ninth. 



?JAKE: First. You're quick, but you're a fucking idiot. 



?AMIR: No shit.



?JAKE: No shit you're an idiot? ?



AMIR: No shit this is a scarf. (scoffs) 



?JAKE: Oooh, OK, it's just it looks a lot like a penguin costume. ?



AMIR: Well, it's not. There's a difference, OK? 



?JAKE: What's the difference? ?



AMIR: The difference is that you're too dumb to know the difference, anyway . . . swish.



?JAKE: Can you even do work with your hands like that??



AMIR: Quack, quack.?



JAKE: That's a duck. ?



AMIR: Moooo.



JAKE: Not. Closer. 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91DZ7__L2FM

													

														Jake (laughing): Did you see Jeff today?



Streeter: Yeah



Jake: Did you see what he was wearing?



Streeter: Velcro (laughs)



Jake: Velcro shoes. Who does that? You look like a little kid, you're 24 years old.



Streeter: I know.



Amir: Watch this.



Jake: What are you doing?



Streeter: Dude, dude, no.



Amir: Hey Jeff! Jeff! NOBODY GIVES A SHIT ABOUT YOU YOU FUCKING NERD. HA HAA YOU'RE A DUMBASS PIECE OF SHIT, BITCH!







Ricky: Alright, so tell me what happened.



Jeff: I'm just working, minding my own b--



Amir: Shut the fu-







Link: http://www.jakeandamir.com/post/19499989/making-fun

													

														(Jake is talking to Sarah and Pat,telling them about what happened the previous night.)



Jake: You guys, listen to this. You know there's a McDonald's by our office?



Pat: Yeah.



(Flashback to Jake walking past McDonald's at night)



Jake: Ok, so last night I was walking home, right, and I see Amir.



Amir: I didn't know you were going to crash my dinner.



Jake: Sit down, please. What are you doing, dude? You're in your pajamas.



Amir: I live like a ten minute subway ride away, so...



Jake: So no shoes?



Amir: That was an accident.



(Cut back to the office, Sarah and Pat are laughing)



Pat: Seriously?!



Jake: I swear to God.



Sarah: Oh my god.



Pat: Unbelievable.



(Amir tries sliding under a railing to join Jake, Pat, and Sarah, but fails so they start laughing at him. He then continues to do weird dances, assuming they're laughing because what he's doing is funny.)



Amir: So funny.



Jake: It's insane. It's ridiculous.



Amir: Dinner tonight? Thinkin' 'The D's' (makes a big M with his arms)



Jake: (still laughing) That's an M.



Amir: What?



Jake: That's an M.



Amir: (as he's walking away) Yep.

													

														(Scene is an office party, with Jake, Amir, and Maria Sansone in the foreground)



Amir: Have you guys ever played this?



Maria: Um...



Amir: Um.... Well, if you haven't, let someone else play, ok?



(Jake and Maria are playing Guitar Hero)



Jake: Go.



Maria: Ok. Oh!



Amir: (chuckles) Oh my god. You got it.



Maria: (laughs) Yeah!



Amir: You're pretty good for a mildly retarded chimpanzee.



Jake: Stop.



Maria: I'm on the left, right?



Amir (mocking Maria): I'm on the left?! I'm on the left! (laughs) I swear she's mental. How do you not know you're on the left or right?



Maria: Oh my god, I am!



Jake (helping Maria): Red. Red.



Amir: Red red green green yellow yellow red. No, no, no, no, you're off! You're off! You're off!



Streeter: Yes, shut up! Shut up!



Amir: Ugh, it kills me because I'm so good to see someone suck so hard! Ugh!



Streeter: No one can hear the song!



Amir: Yes, they can hear the song! 



Streeter: No one can hear the song when you're yelling!



Amir (to Jake): Do it with your eyes closed, because I can do this song with my eyes closed.



Streeter: Dude, stop! 



Maria: I can't see!



Amir (yelling over Jake and Streeter): You don't have to see, it's Guitar Hero! You fucking listen! Take it off! (takes guitar from Maria)



Streeter: They failed! Are you happy they failed the song?



Maria: (leaving) (to Jake): Your friends are crazy.



Amir (to Maria): I'll let you do the hammer thing. Ok, good. Good riddance, baby. Watch this. 



Streeter: Great, great! Now the girl's gone. Thanks, dude. 



Jake (over Amir's screaming): Nobody wants to play with you, man. 



Amir: Crank this shit up to medium. 

													

														(Jake and Amir talking over Skype)



Amir: Happy Thanksgiving, Brohoom! (chuckles)



Jake: Sup?



Amir: Not much. Woah, you're not wearing a shirt?



Jake: No. Sometimes when I'm at home, I don't wear a shirt. 



Amir: Pretty, pretty chill. One, actually, one second, ok?



Jake: Don't, just-



Amir: Something is messing up... right... here. (Amir ends Skype)



Jake: I can see you moving the mouse.



Amir: (takes shirt off and recalls Jake on Skype) (grunts) Much better.



Jake: Ok. Much worse. 



(Jake puts sweatshirt on as Amir is making a weird face)



Jake: What are you doing?



Amir: I don't know. Dinner tonight? 



Jake: No, I have Thanksgiving dinner with my family.



Amir: Our family, brotha.



Jake: MY family. 



Amir: Same difference. Pound it! (puts fist up to screen with JAIK written on his knuckles)



Jake: You know that's backwards, right?



Amir: Hold it up to a mirror or something.



Jake: And spelled wrong. 



Amir: Can't help that, then.



Jake: Ok. Closing this, then. (shuts laptop)



Amir: No! (calls Jake on phone) Uh, we actually, accidentally got miscommnunicado, brotha. Hello?

													

														JAKE: Whoa, you all right??



AMIR: (shakes head)?



JAKE: (wheels over to Amir) What is it? (pause) Come on, what is it? ?



AMIR: I just got the results back.  



?JAKE: What results??



AMIR: The test results. ?



JAKE: You don't - - you don't have like an STD, I mean you never have had . . . What is it? ?



AMIR: What??



JAKE: The results for what??



AMIR: I just took a test, and I got the results back, and I'm a Charlotte.



?JAKE: What?!



?AMIR: I know! I took a Sex in the City thing and it tells you which character you are and I'm a Charlotte. That's the lesbian!?



JAKE: No, it's not. (walks away with chair) 



?AMIR: Isn't it? Oh. The cute one. (chuckles) That's pretty fly. Actually I'm going to forward you, forward to you the URL, brotha. ?



JAKE: Do not. 



?AMIR: Take it. I bet you'll be a (singsong) Carrie. 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BTafghO-x8 

													

														[Amir is on his cell phone, walking out of the bathroom.]



AMIR: No, fuck no- (he runs into Jake, who is just entering) ahh, yeea actually let me call you back in two seconds, bye. (flips his phone shut.) So annoying. Wazzap?



JAKE: (trying to get past Amir) 'Scuse me.



AMIR: (blocking Jake from entering) 'Scuse me? Ooh! (laughs). I have to pee again.



JAKE: Don't.



AMIR: (walking backwards toward the stalls) Meet me in the left stall, cross swords, 3-2-1 BREAK!



(Amir turns and runs into the stall and closes the door. The camera pans over to the bathroom door, which has just closed, meaning Jake has left. Amir peeks his head out over the stall door.)



AMIR: Jake!



END.

													

														(Pat comes over to Jake with a plate of brownies)



Pat: Jake, the, uh, brownies are done.



Jake: Special brownies?



Pat: Yeah.



Jake: Nice. (Takes a brownie)



Pat: Just take one. (Walks past Amir)



Amir: Ahh. Not so fast, comprende.



Pat: Doesn't that mean comprehend?



Amir: Yeah. Send it. (Takes a brownie)



Jake: Hey Amir, don't eat those.



Amir: Come on.



Pat: Have one.



Amir: Oh, am I gonna spoil my lunch, moms? Don't worry, I had ice cream for breakfast. (Stuffing brownies into his mouth) Gimme gimme 

smore, gimme smore. Gimme gimme gimme gimme...



(A surreal montage commences, showing Amir doing various things while stoned, with Gimme More playing. It ends with a large whiteboard 

falling on Amir, crushing him and sending blood spraying. A D.A.R.E. logo is beside the blood. It transitions to Amir sitting at Jake's 

desk telling the story to Jake.)



Amir: No! and SBFFF! My head just explodes, so sick.



Jake: It's really sick. It's just incredibly morbid. Don't think about anti-drug commercials at work, okay, just do your real actual 

work.



Amir: (Slaps Jake) You're fired.

													

														[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks. Amir is listening to his headphones, singing along to Times They Are A-Changin' by Bob Dylan]



AMIR: (in a Bob Dylan voice) -ther round, people, wherever you roam, and admit that the waters around you have grown, and accept it that soon you'll be drenched to the bone, if the time to you is worth sav-- (mumbles to the tune; Jake takes some Ibuprofen) --or you'll sink like a stone, and the times they are amazing.



JAKE: Times they are a-what?



AMIR: (takes off his headphones) Timestheyareawhat? (trying to do the a loser says 'what' joke)



JAKE: What'd you say?



AMIR: Times they are a...mazing? Eheh.



JAKE: (quietly) Thought so



AMIR: These were like different times, it was like early to mid eighties so--



JAKE: (to the tune of Hey Jude) Hey, (gestures at Amir)



AMIR: (continuing the tune) ...dude...



JAKE: (continuing the tune) Don't make it... (gestures at Amir)



AMIR: (continuing the tune) ...Jude. (points at Jake)



JAKE: So you do know Jude is in there.



AMIR: Yes, definitely.



JAKE: (Rapping Men in Black by Will Smith) The good guys...



AMIR: ...dress in black, remember that, just in case we ever face to face and make contact. The title held by me, M.I.B., is what you think you saw, you did not--



JAKE: Yeah. Stop. s- That's really sad.



AMIR: Sad as.. sad as hell.



JAKE: That's a bad thing. Heh.



AMIR: ...



JAKE: (quietly) Hold on...



(Jake sneezes.)







[TEXT: To Be Continued]



END.

													

														(Jake sneezes.)



Sarah: Bless you Jake.



Amir: God bless you. (Looks around) I'm the only one? I'm the only one that will say god bless you.



(Amir gets up and meanders towards Jeff while talking, looking toward Jake)



Sarah: I said god bless you.



Amir: I said god bless you. Only after I called you out on it, you inconsiderate bitch.



Jeff: Jesus, dude, come on!



Amir: (Still looking at Jake) Dude, come on! How many times have you sneezed since you got here, bro? 114? This guy hasn't said 

anything. (Socks Jeff)



Jeff: Fuck!



(Everyone else gets up to stop Amir)



Amir: Huh you dumb piece of shit! Why don't you say god bless you now?!



Jeff: Dude!



Amir: I'm gonna take him open!



(Everyone else arrives and restrains Amir)



Amir: SAY GOD BLESS YOU NOW!



Jake: Chill out!



Amir: SAY GOD BLESS YOU NOW! He's the one being rude, you tell me to chill out?! You chill out!



Vinny: Fucking psycho!



Amir: Get off of me! Get the fuck off of me!



(They let him go, his shirt now torn and bloody. He sneezes. No one says anything.)

													

														Jake (talking on phone): Yeah, I don't know. It's a little weird. Uh, I'll let you know. Alright, I'll tell you later.



Amir: What was that about?



Jake: Uh, this girl, that I'm kind of interested in, but we've been friends for a really long time-



Amir: (laughs) Honestly, I'm not even listening. That's how little I give a shit.



Jake: I open up like an inch, and you just-



Amir: Alright, want some real advice? 



Jake: Sure.



Amir: This is what you do. It might come off as a little disgusting, or whatever-



Jake: Ok, then don't say it.



Amir: Ok, eat her pussy.



Jake: Oh, god, wish you didn't say that. Now I'm thinking about it.



Amir: Jakes.



Jake: I'm right here. We're having a conversation. Don't say my name in the middle of a conversation. 



Amir: Yeah.



Jake: Ok. Yeah. We have a meeting to go to. Come on.



Amir: Not going to that meeting, partner. 



Jake: Why?



Amir: I'm supposed to refresh the homepage over and over, and if it breaks, tell one of the programmers about it, so...



Jake: So, yeah, they had me do that like my first day as an intern, they told me I was way overqualified. 



Amir: Yeah, well, I guess they think I'm perfectly qualified for it then, so...



Jake: You know, it's not even worth insulting you because you just don't get it. 



Amir: Jake.

													

														(Amir gets up and slowly walks backward, maintaining eye contact with Jake)



Jake: Woah. I know that look. Means you're about to do something crazy!



(Amir half somersaults onto a beanbag, change falling out of his pockets!)



Jake: Oh-hoh no! Yes! No way! I'm gonna hug you. I'm gonna hug you! I'm gonna hug you, here we go! (Hugs Amir) You're my boy. You're my 

boy.



(Amir wakes up at his desk. A dick is doodled on his cheek.)



Amir: Jake. Jake.



Jake: What?



(Amir gets up as before, but Jake dismisses him)



Amir: (Jumping up and down) Jake! Jake! JAKE!



Jake: What?!



Amir: (Getting ready to somersault) So stupid... (Somersaults, change falling out of his pockets, his ankle clipping a chair) Ah. Oo. 

Oogh! So. (Hops on one leg to Jake) Ahh. Let's do a thing where we walk on one leg for the rest of the week. Pretty chill.



Jake: Why don't you just sit back at your desk.



Amir: I will. (Falls down next to Jake) Ahh, actually... Oo, is it hot in here, cause my ankle is swollen. Ahhh. You're my boy, you're 

my boy. You're my boy.



Jake: What?



Amir: Oogh. Take off my shoe. (Proffers Jake his wounded leg)



Jake: You hurt yourself? Did you hurt your ankle?



Amir: No. Just take off my shoe, my ankle needs to breathe. [...]



Jake: So you didn't hurt your foot, right?



Amir: No I did not, just please take



Jake: So if I go right here(grabs Amir's ankle)



Amir: AAAAHHHH!

													

														[Amir playing with credit card]



Jake: Jesus, I have 98 emails from facebook.



Amir: Really? That's weird



Jake: Did you send me 98 facebook gifts?



Amir: 99 brother



Jake: Oh my god, these are a dollar each. You know that?



Amir: Yeeeesss



Jake: How do you have that kind of money?



Amir: dad's cc [laughs]



Jake: And he's okay with you doing this?



Amir: He thinks they are for a gift for my girlfriend



Jake: You don't have a girlfriend



Amir: According to Jim I do



Jake: Do you think that's a pun? God man, this is ridiculous



[Amir dives under desk]



Jake: I just don't understand. What are you doing? Let go of my foot.  



[Amir re-emerges with Jake's shoe in his hand]



Jake: Amir what are you doing?



Amir: Er, what size are you?



Jake: I'll tell you what size I am, just stop



[Amir places the shoe over his nose and mouth and inhales]



Jake: Stop it. Stop it right now. Stop it.



[Amir kisses shoe, Jake gets out of his chair and goes over to him]



Jake: Give it back now. Right now. Right the fuck now.



[Jake tackles Amir off his chair onto the floor]

													

														[Maria Sansone (from Yahoo!'s "The 9" is in front of a greenscreen, talking to the camera. She is holding a certificate and a medal.]

MARIA: Speaking of fun trips, "The 9" team visited the offices of CollegeHumor, and were instantly charmed by the lovable and polite staff.

(Cut to clip from "Guitar Hero", with Maria playing Guitar Hero with Jake while Streeter, Jeff, and Amir watch.)

AMIR: Yellow, yellow, red, no, no, no, no, you're wrong, you're wrong--

STREETER: Shut up, SHUT UP!

(Cut back to Maria)

MARIA: Well, in the spirit of forgiveness, I present the award for CollegeHumor Gentleman of the Year, to Jake, (Jake walks on) the guy who stood beside me while some jackass ye--

(Amir enters)

AMIR: (with his tongue out, imitating the guy from the old Budweiser commerical) --Wazzaa! Hah, you guys remember that commercial?

MARIA: (to Jake) How does he-- how did he even get here? (gives the certificate to Jake)

JAKE: (quietly) I really have no idea...

MARIA: (to Amir, pushing him away) I'm trying to give him an award--

AMIR: Where's? Ok. Where's my award, then? So we'll both get one.

MARIA: (putting the medal around Jake's neck) Here you go. Congratulations.

JAKE: (to Amir) You don't get one.

AMIR: What? Then why'd you even invite me here? (laughs)

MARIA: (to Amir) We didn't invite you here.

AMIR: (to Jake) Ok, so you lied to me, then.

JAKE: No, you read my email.

(Amir yanks the medal off of Jake's neck and slaps him.)

MARIA: (pushing Jake and Amir apart) Ok. Security!

AMIR: Ok? This is messed up, man.

END.													

														[Jake's and Amir's desks are empty.]



[Jake is asleep in his bed.]



[Amir is running around in the office looking for people.]



[Jake is still asleep in his bed.]



[Amir is in the office, calling Jake on his cell phone.]



[Jake's phone rings, waking him up.]



JAKE: (seeing the call is from Amir) Ugh. (He answers the call.) Hello.



AMIR: Ahhh. QQ. Quick question, brohoob. Uhh, work today: yea or nay?



JAKE: Definitely nay, it's Christmas.



AMIR: December 29th.



JAKE: 25th.



AMIR: Yyes. Of course.



JAKE: Where are you, at the office?



AMIR: Ah, no. (laughing) It's Christmas! Ahhh...



JAKE: Cool.



AMIR: Yeah. I'm at home.



JAKE: Can you check something.. really quick on my computer?



AMIR: Yeup. (starts going toward Jake's desk) AAahhh.. UhhOkay. Very sneaky!



JAKE: Not sneaky. You're just dumb.



AMIR: Egh! God that sucks.



END.

													

														AMIR: New Year's resolutions, shoot!



JAKE: No.



AMIR: K, mmm, mine's for you to be nicer to me.



JAKE: Not a resolution.  That's not how they work.



AMIR: K.  I have another one.  But-



JAKE: What is it?



AMIR: Stupid, so stupid, heh. It's for me to be more confident, or not, whatever.



JAKE: How's that working out for you?



AMIR: S-I should just do my original resolution, and that's it.



JAKE: What's that?



AMIR: To lose weight.  That's pretty normal.  I saw a commercial for that.



JAKE: How much do you weigh?



AMIR: One-twelve.



JAKE: Ohh.



AMIR: With shoes!



JAKE: You're on the cusp of being grossly underweight.



AMIR: (nods his head) What's average? ish?



JAKE: I don't know, like, one sixty.



AMIR: Okay.  Close, but no cidah.  



JAKE: No what?



AMIR: Close, but no sid-cider.



JAKE: Spell it.



AMIR: Swy D R.



JAKE: You know, you never cease to impress me-



(Amir smiles)



JAKE: -and not in a good way, how dumb you are.



AMIR: You wonder why I don't have any confidence, or whatev-



JAKE: What did you say, idiot?



AMIR: Nothing.



(silence)



AMIR: Jake.



[EPISODE LINK] Sorry, everyone, can't find this video.  Could put the youtube one but I'm sure someone can add this.

													

														[Jake is on the phone in a table in the office.]



JAKE: No, I mean, I think that's all doable, and I actually don't even see the need to bring--



AMIR: (coming into view, taking the phone from Jake and talking into it, plugging his nose to make his voice nasal-sounding) Yeah, I don't see the need to--I'm sorry, Jake is at work right now, so he'll have to call you later.



JAKE: (to the phone as Amir hangs it up) Sorry... God...



AMIR: First of all, don't get on the phone at work, I've already told you that before, I don't want to see you get in trouble, (sarcastically) I'm sorry. Second of all, (begins rapping) winter break is the bomb, all day long, sittin' under the palm.



JAKE: (putting his hands to his face in frustration) I was on the phone about work, oh my god!



AMIR: ...FUCK a cheerleader twice, eat her pom-poms!



JAKE: [You're] kidding me.



AMIR: Oh! Oh I'm sorry, so this is about work then. Yeah these are your notes about work. So refine editorial calendar is about work, talk to Amir about demotion or, oh Valentine's Day pics! I guess that's about work too?



JAKE: Yeah.



AMIR: Yeah. *phww* (He makes a swish noise, pretends to throw notepad over his head, then tosses it up and catches it.)



JAKE: What're you-- what exactly are you trying to do?



AMIR: I'm trying to throw it in the air like it doesn't mean shit to me.



JAKE: Just straight up over your head I guess, then.



AMIR: I don't wanna bend it, these are still your notes.



JAKE: It's fine.



AMIR: (Drops the notepad on the floor behind him.) Bowm!



JAKE: [You] barely did that right.



AMIR: (Listing off on his finger to himself) eatin pom-poms.. (starts rapping again, still listing) Sittin' in jacuzzis, peanut butter smoothies... uuhmm... Eatin' lotsa movies, checkin' out the movies...



JAKE: So movies twice, then?



AMIR: Second time was spelled differently.



JAKE: Then you spelled it wrong.



AMIR: Okay.. aah.. I write a freestyle, and it doesn't mean anything--



JAKE: Freestyle means it's off the top of your head.



AMIR: Okay. (starts singing in the tune to Stronger by Kanye West) Every time I make it better, harder stronger faster better--



JAKE: That's Kanye West.



AMIR: It's called sampling.



JAKE: It's not. And you said it wrong.



AMIR: Ok. I can't say it right, cuz then it's illegal.



JAKE: (Picks up phone) Can you just go back to work? I need to be on the--



AMIR: Yeup! (knocks phone off table and pushes Jake's head backwards as he gets up)



END.

													

														(Amir is holding the camera. Just around the corner, Jake is filling his arms with telephones. Suddenly, Amir comes out and 

surprises Jake, making him drop the telephones.)



Amir: Woo!



Jake: God!



Amir: Oo, my lord, it's time for the Astronaut Accountants featuring Ace and Jocelyn!



Jake: What the fuck are you doing?



Amir: Basically, we're two astronaut accountants from outer space. You're Ace, good-looking ladies guy



Jake: I don't care



Amir: and I'm Jocelyn, your sort of sidekick, a little more cute, but I still get pussy, but not as much as you because I 

don't look as good in jeans. And basic



Jake: Will you help me pick these up? Please?



Amir: (Inspecting a telephone) Oh my gosh! What a find! What are these weird plastic rods? Who am I supposed to call with 

them? I have no idea I'm fr



Jake: So you know they're for calling people, but you don'tbut you think they're foreign rods. But they're for calling people 

definitely. Right?



Amir: Stick to the script, brotha. Let's cut. Let's



Jake: What script?



Amir: I emailed you a script.



Jake: When?



Amir: Right before I got here, like 10 seconds ago.



Jake: Oh my god, Amir, whawhat do I say to that? You know that that's stupid, right?



(Amir is in the bathroom, holding the camera)



Amir: They can't go anywhere without being together, not even the bathroom.



Jake: (From one of the stalls) I can hear you, and you better not fucking tape me, Amir.



Amir: (Putting the video camera over the stall door) What's that, Ace?



Jake: Oh my



(Jake throws a roll of toilet paper at the camera)



Amir: Oh my!



(THE END scrolls three times very quickly Star Wars style)



(Jake is sitting at his desk talking on his phone. His words have been edited and pieced together to make him say the 

following line.)



Jake: Until next time, you're my best friend, Jocelyn.



(Amir is talking into the camera in some random room)



Amir: You're my best too, Ace.

													

														Jake: (On his phone) Hey, what's up dude? You here? Nice. Alright, I'll come right down. See ya. (Hangs up)



Amir: What the hell are you doing, man?



Jake: I'm just going to pick up my friend from high school, give him a little tour.



Amir: Ha ha yeah. You don't see me hanging out with like friends high school giving tours for fun. Right?



Jake: You don't have any friends.



Amir: Don't need friends, I have you. You bring your friend up here, I'm gonna beat the shit out of him. That's a guarantee, alright?



Jake: Just try to be polite, please? We're not gonna be here long, alright.



Amir: Yeah, I'll be polite. I'll be polite when I kick his ass OUTTA here! He's done dude!



Jake: (Walking away) Chill out!



(Amir gets up and practices fighting)



Amir: You're welcome Jake. Whatever.



(Jake returns with his friend; Amir is facing the window airboxing, so Jake taps him on the shoulder to get his attention)



Jake: Amir.



Amir: What's up man?



Jake: This is my friend Josh.



Amir: Yeah, what's up bro...



Josh: Hey, nice to meet you.



Amir: Yeah, for sho. Uh... this guy's fly. This guy's definitely fly. What are you guys doing tonight? All-around shorties? I know a 

phat party. We can go right now.



Josh: What's up with your friend, Jake?



Amir: (Doing the wave with Josh's arm) Woo!



Jake: Everything. I don't know where to start, I guess.



Amir: I like this guy, you know? I really do.



Jake: You like this guy. Cause...



Amir: Yeah. Yeah.



Jake: Cause a minute ago you said you were gonna kick his ass.



Josh: What?!



Amir: Pff...



Jake: Yeah, you know what, you guaranteed it actually.



Amir: What?



Jake: You guaranteed you were gonna beat the shit out of him.



Amir: No... I think I was talking about your other friend.



(Amir tries to punch Josh, but Josh catches his fist, twists his arm behind his back and forces him onto his desk)



Amir: Nngh! Jake! Awgh... Good luck getting into a phat party without me, you guys.



(Josh twists his arm more, with a crunching sound)



Amir: AAAHHH!

													

														Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks. When Amir starts singing. Jake gets annoyed and grabs a bottle of drugs, opens the cap, and pours some into his hand.



Amir: [singing] I'm so excited/And I just can't hide it/ I know, I know, I know, I know, I - what are you doing? What is that?



Jake: Taking some ibuprofen.



Amir: Ibuprofeen? Yeah right.



Amir gets out of his chair and rushes over to Jake's desk. 



Jake: Would you just relax?



Amir grabs the bottle and looks at it.



Jake: Jesus Christ!



Amir: What is this, man?



Amir takes the bottle and pours the pills into a garbage can by Jake's desk.



Jake: Oh my god. [swallows the pill he has in his hand]



Amir: Come on, man! 



Amir hugs Jake tightly. Jake looks squished and annoyed. Amir speaks directly into Jake's ear.



Amir: Come on, man. Ah, I'm not going to fucking lose - this is going to be okay. This is going to be okay.



Jake: I'm not pissed; you just owe me ten bucks okay?



Amir: Do you feel me breathing? [takes 2 deep breaths]



Jake: No.



Amir: Regulate your breathing like mine. [takes another deep breath]



Jake: Stop it! Let go!



Amir: Come on, man! This - Aw, I know you fucking hate me right now-



Jake: I always hate you right now.



Amir: Aw, but it's so worth it to me. This is so fucking what I-



Jake: Obviously. Just get off of me!



Amir: I will not let you go because you mean WAY too much to me to let go!



Jake: People can probably hear you, alright?



Amir: I don't care. I don't FUCKING CARE!



Jake begins slapping Amir's head with his left hand. Amir yells and lets go.



Amir: Aw, goddamn-!



Cut to black, the cut to Jake and Amir sitting in chairs facing the camera. They talk directly to the audience.



Jake: Hi, I'm Jake.



Amir: And I'm Jake.



Jake: He's Amir. What you saw just now was a Jake and Amir skit.



Amir: Hilarious Jake and Amir video.



Jake: That's an opinion.



Amir: Basically, what we're trying to say is ibuprofen in no joke.



Jake: Okay, so you didn't get it then.



Amir: Two to three a day is enough to kill a baby elephant.



Jake: I mean it's not.



Amir: Okay, if he chokes on the bottle-



Jake: It's different. I'm stopping it.



Amir: Don't. You have a right to know-!

													

														(Jake and Amir are in a conference room. Amir runs out, and returns an indefinite amount of time later, still putting on a shirt 

identical to Jake's.)



Jake: So you left to get the same shirt as me?



Amir: Can't prove that. Let's eat.



Jake: Can we just try to get some work done before we do that, please?



Amir: Can I just eat before we get some work done? Because I'll be more productive if I have food in me.



Jake: You probably won't be, but fine. Not gonna argue.



Amir: (Using the phone) I'm gonna order something.



Jake: Okay.



Amir: (Talking into the phone) 911? Yes



(Jake slams on the phone's switchook)



Jake: Jesus Christ, man!



Amir: What? You don't know how hungry I am! It's a fucking emergency dude.



Jake: Jusit's not an emergency, just call Domino's.



Amir: I'm hungry as shit.



Jake: Don't care.



Amir: I'll do it the old fashioned way though, for you. (Talking into the phone) Bonjour, Domino's.



Jake: Pizza's Italian.



Amir: Uh, yes. Can I have 30 large cheese fromage pizzas



Jake: That's too many.



Amir: Okay. 30 medium pizzas then.



Jake: But that's still 30. Amir.



Amir: (To Jake) I'll take the rest for dinner. Don't worry about it. (To Domino's) Uh, yes. That's fine. Uh, charge it to my credit 

card. The number... yes.



Jake: Okay then just hang up.



Amir: The number...



Jake: Hang up the phone.



Amir: The number of my credit card is 8.



(Jake hits the switchook)



Jake: Come on.



Amir: What if he believed it?



Jake: It wouldn't have been good if he believed it. I'm calling a deli. (Talking into the phone) Hi. Uh, can I have a turkey club? Uh, 

and...



Amir: 30 medium pizzas.



Jake: (To Amir) Instead of that.



Amir: Jam.



Jake: What kind of bread?



Amir: No bread.



Jake: That's disgusting, I'm not saying that. You say it.



Amir: Just... (takes the phone) Hi. Yeah, I'm sorry. Uh, can I have jam? Tuna fish, cracked pepper, and vinegar, on a chocolate 

croissant.



Jake: Oh my god, that's dis...



Amir: And, to drink... just... (To Jake) Do you want anything?



Jake: (Shaking his head) I lost my appetite.



Amir: (To the phone) Uh, just a keg of what Coke is made out of.



Jake: Syrup?



Amir: Just the syrup, yeah. Uh, yeah that should be fine. Oh! Um, and, do you guys... you know how turkey pastrami is like, turkey with 

a pastrami seasoning around it? Do you have that, but with Twinkies? With the seasoning? No. Okay. So that was just a dream of mine, 

then. That's fine, I was just checking.

													

														Amir: Jake, question. Is it Jake with one 'j'?



Jake: Yeah, one 'j'.



Amir: That's it?



Jake: There's an 'a' and a 'k'



Amir: Okay there's an 'a' and a 'k'... slow down! What order is everything in?



Jake: What is wrong with you?



(Julia (Julia Allison) enters and shakes Jake's hand)



Julia: Hi, I'm Julia from HR.



Jake: Oh hi. Nice to meet you!



(Music starts playing and the screen goes pink around around the edges. Julia lets down her hair gets onto Jake's lap.)



Julia: You're amazing.



Jake: Second best to Amir, but thanks.



Julia: I have an island off the coast of Nebraska; wanna run away with me?



Jake: Cannay do that, sister. Amir's my BBF [sic] and I don't go anywhere without him.



Julia: Don't you wanna rub your toes all over my breasts?



Jake: Of course I do, that's the most hot normal fantasy ever, everyone knows that.



(The pink border goes away, and Amir is leaning back in his seat, eyes rolled back and mouth wide open)



Julia: Is he okay?



Jake: Uh, yeah. He actually does that all the time.



(The pink border comes back)



Jake: And it's pretty much awesome! (High fives Amir)



(The pink border goes away. Amir, still fantasizing, high fives the air. The pink border comes back.)



Jake: Amir can do a backflip, he just won't show us cause he's too shy.



Julia: Kiss me.



Jake: Amir beat me at arm wrestling three times today.



Julia: No he didn't.



Jake: Two out of three and he used both hands, but that's legal.



Julia: No it's not!



Jake: Amir!



(The pink border goes away)



Amir: Jake!



Julia: Are you okay?



Amir: He doesn't want to go to that island with you, you fucking biznatch!



Ricky: Amir!



(Amir tilts his head back and fantasizes)



Ricky: I want you to go camping with Jake in the Ice Cream Forest.

													

														(Amir is wearing a suit and tie.)



AMIR: Heh...what? 



(Silence.  Jake doesn't react.)



JAKE: Come on, you know I always wear a tie on my birthday.



AMIR: Is your internet down?



AMIR: No...it's never down, it's never down on my birthday.



JAKE: Mine's down.



AMIR: Why?  Why do you care if it's down?  Are you planning anything??



(Silence)



AMIR: Hah..You better not be planning me a surprise party, dude.



JAKE: I would never plan you a surprise party.



AMIR: Alright, if you're planning one then... (hands something to Jake)



JAKE: What's this?



AMIR: Just, an invitation or whatever.  



(Jake holds up the invitation.  It has the words It's my B-DAIE!!?  The letter B has an extra hump in it.)



JAKE: Party goes until question mark question mark.



AMIR: So you know it's phat.  You don't know when it ends.



JAKE: Also ends at question mark question mark



AMIR: Double phat.  Nobody knows when it starts, nobody knows when it ends.



JAKE: Nobody gives a shit.  (rips up invite)



AMIR: Ahhhhh, c'mon, just give it to me, I'll invite someone.



JAKE: You want it?  Here you go.  (Jake throws the pieces on Amir's desk)



AMIR: You know, I can tape that back together.



JAKE: Don't fucking bother.



AMIR: I brought a cake.  Maybe we can put candles in it.



JAKE: It's after 6.  Why don't you just go home?



AMIR: Okay.



JAKE: Final-finally, Jesus!



AMIR: (Amir tries to hug Jake one-armed while holding the cake in his other hand and smiling)



JAKE: (Shrugging him off) What are you doing?!



(Winter by Joshua Radin plays over montage)



(Amir walks away from Jake.)



(Amir is in the elevator with the cake.  The elevator door closes.)



(Amir is walking on a city street and throws away the cake in a garbage can.)



(Amir enters a Walgreens.)



(Amir sadly picks up some birthday candles.)



(Amir walks on a city street, stops, and looks up at a building.  It's McDonald's.)



(Amir in the McDonald's trying to find money in his wallet.)



(Amir sitting on a city street, opening up a box of McNuggets, a lighter in his hand.)



(Amir tries to light birthday candles on 3 McNuggets.  The lighter won't light, and Amir hangs his head in sadness.)



(Amir reminisces from the Tattoo episode.)



(The empty McDonald's bag leaves Amir as he unsuccessfully grabs for it.  The bag goes all the way down the street and turns right.  Through tears, he eats a McNugget.)



(Amir reminisces from the episode High Five.)



(Amir has his hand over his mouth.  He's crying.)



(Amir reminisces from earlier this episode when he momentarily had his arm around Jake with a smile on his face and the cake in his other hand.)



(Amir enters his apartment building.)



(Amir walks down his hallway.)



(Amir leans against the wall opposite his door and falls to the ground.)



(Amir opens his door.)



(The music ends as the screen goes black.  The lights come on and Amir's apartment is full of people.)



EVERYBODY: Surprise!!!!  



AMIR: (to Everybody) No, no, stop, you guys don't know the half of it.  This guy's a fucking idiot.  Jake, did I say, because this guy, all day long, he was like, there's not gonna be a surprise party.  Uh, nobody gives a shit about you.   One, two, three, about forty people here to prove me right.



JAKE: I organized this.



AMIR: (to Jake) You organized this, that's what I'm talking about, man, thank you very much, why are we even arguing, it's my birthday?  Who are these people, though.



JAKE: Uh, some people you work with.  Do you know them- do you know people at work?



AMIR: I know there's a fat guy, or something.



JAKE: Okay, just try to be polite and have a drink.  Ok?



AMIR: Okay.



JAKE: Get to work.



CUT TO:



GUY #1: Which one's Amir?



GUY #2: It's that weird guy that always hang out with Jake.



JAKE: (as he walks by) We actually never hang out.



(Jake walks over to Amir and a girl.)



(In a high-pitched voice, but not THE high-pitched voice) What's up, brotha?



(Jake and Amir high-five.  Amir then lightly slaps Jake.)



AMIR: One two punch.



JAKE: I see you met my cousin, Diana?



AMIR: Yes, I did.



JAKE: That's great.



AMIR: (to Jake) Does she have a fiancee?



JAKE: No, chill.



(Amir lightly slaps Jake.)



AMIR: (to Diana) Dinner tonight?



JAKE: It's 11:30.



DIANA: He was joking.



JAKE: He wasn't, you don't understand.



DIANA: No, thanks...but I'm free tomorrow night.



(Amir starts dancing weird.)



JAKE: She can see you.



AMIR: I know...stretching.  (Amir starts stretching.)



JAKE: Just be cool.  Maybe, take a seat.



(Amir falls to the floor and lands in a sexy pose.)



JAKE: I'm leaving.



AMIR: Jake.



(Jake walks away into the kitchen.  The camera lands on Streeter and a girl.)



GIRL: Wait...isn't Amir the guy that pranked you at Yankee Stadium.



(Streeter looks back at Amir on the floor.)



STREETER: .........nah, it's a different Amir.



GIRL: Oh.



(Don't Pull Your Love Out On Me Baby by Hamilton, Joe Frank  Reynolds plays over slideshow)



(Slideshow)



(Someone's holding a cake with a bunch of candles in it.  Amir is holding one hand over his mouth like he's overcome with emotion.)



(Jake looking down on the cake with his arm possibly around Amir's shoulders.  Amir about to blow out the candles.)



(Jake with his around his cousin, Diana.  Amir behind and in between them with his chin on Jake's shoulder and his hand on Diana's head.  Diana is facing forward but her eyes are turned towards Amir.)



(Jake and Amir.  Amir has his hand around Jake's shoulder.  Jake is not smiling.  Amir is laughing in hysterics.)



(screen goes to black.)



OUTTAKE:



Hey, dude.



(In a high-pitched voice, but not THE high-pitched voice) What's up, brotha?



(Jake and Amir high-five.  Amir then lightly slaps Jake.)



One two punch.



I see you met my cousin, Diana?



Yes, I did. (to Jake)  Does she have a fiancee?



No, but chill okay.  



Done.  



(Amir more-than-lightly slaps Jake.  Jake loses it and laughs.  Other people in the room laugh.)



EPISODE LINK

													

														(at office) 



AMIR: Is it bigger than a baseball bat?



JAKE: I'm not thinking of anything. 



AMIR: OK, just tell me if it's larger or smaller than a toaster. 



JAKE: I'M NOT PLAYING! 



AMIR: Yet, when I'm thinking of stuff, you never guess, so how is that..? 



JAKE: I mean, it's all the same thing, it's all-it's all me not playing. 



AMIR: ...OK, good point. 



JAKE: Good point. Good point. All right I'm leaving. 



AMIR: Wait! Dinner tonight. You said you'd consider it. 



JAKE: Sorry, I'm going home for the weekend. I can't do it. 



AMIR: OK, fine. 



JAKE: You're OK? You're all right with that? Usually you freak out. 



AMIR: I think I can survive one night without you, Jake-y, thank you. 



JAKE: Umm, don't call me that.  



AMIR: (murmur) 



JAKE: But I'm glad, I guess I'm glad you're OK with it. 







(Jake is leaving voicemail for his mom while in transit)



JAKE: Uh, hey mom, it's Jake, uh, happy birthday, sorry I can't make it home, but uh, maybe I'll send you one of those donuts that you love from Kingpin Donuts, your favorite place in New York City. OK, well I'll see you in a few weeks, tell everyone that I miss them. Love you, bye. 







(Amir is inside the house as Jake is pulling in)



AMIR: Hi, Mrs. Hurwitz, I'm so sorry about this. My name is Amir, I'm Jake's best friend, the guy he talks about at work. Um, listen. Jake's going to come here and surprise you for your birthday.



MRS. HURWITZ: He is?! 



AMIR: Yeah.



MRS: HURWITZ: Oh, that is-- 



AMIR: Please, just shut up for a second while I explain this. Uh, we're all going to hide in the living room, I'm going to jump out and go 'Surprise!' and it's going to be Jake's favorite day, it's going to be like his birthday but it's going to be also your birthday. Honestly, I'm really sorry about this knob, can we get everyone in the living room at once? Just please, everyone - I know he has brothers and sisters, he talks about them, just come on hide.



(family makes way into living room) 



SISTER: Mom, should I call dad? 



AMIR: Call him if he's like right here, if he's upstairs, but otherwise if he can't get here in the next 10 seconds; he's coming! All right, everybody, is this everybody? Do you have a cat or a dog?







(Jake gets out of car and is walking to the house) 







(Amir is on all fours by a table in the living room) 



AMIR: All right, is everybody looking happy?



FAMILY: Yes.



AMIR: Trick question, don't fu--ah, don't fucking talk until he gets here, come on, you're going to ruin the surprise. 



(Jake enters)



JAKE and AMIR: Surprise!



(Amir knocks himself out on table) 



JAKE: Oh. God. What is he doing here? Who let him in? 







(Jake and Amir and Jake's brother are sitting on couch, Amir with a camera in one hand and ice against his head in the other looking at a photo album) 



AMIR: Uh, which one is Jake? 



JAKE: Don't tell him. 



AMIR: Thank you, next. 



(puts ice down and takes the donut Jake is holding)



JAKE: That's my mom's!



AMIR: (mouth full) She said I could have it. (to brother) Keep going. Don't stop. Just don't stop until I say so.  



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Tb6sUTsKiQ 

													

														[Amir is sitting at his desk, and Jake's cousin Diana is sitting at Jake's desk.]



AMIR: Hey. (mimes throwing a grenade at Diana, as he does with Jake in Weapons.)



(Diana smiles and laughs.)



AMIR: (fake laughs) Don't laugh, cuz if a grenade hit you, would you just like laugh it off? No, you'd go (makes an explosion noise and mimes an explosion with his arms), right? (throws another grenade.)



(Diana goes peww! and mimes a small explosion with her hands.)



AMIR: (imitating Diana) Not pfff, this isn't a dance, come on, do...



(Diana throws a grenade at Amir.)



AMIR: No. (slightly laughing) God no. I'm sorry. I do the grenade, you do the guns, that's how it works!



(Diana mimes shooting Amir, and Amir mimes getting shot, laughing.)



(Jake enters. Diana aims her invisible guns at Jake, who flinches.)



JAKE: Come on, let's go to dinner.



AMIR: (*in a bad French/Asian accent) Ah yeas, dinnerr, sound very good to me.



JAKE: That sounds very racist.



AMIR: Ok. Um, I pre-ordered myself a 20-piece McNuggets (pronounced McNougets) from McD's (pronounced Mickidees) to go, but if they allow it where you're going I can probably go with you guys--



JAKE: Well, they don't, so, I'm sorry, you can't come.



AMIR: So you guys are going to Wendy's? I mean, they hate that shit when I do that.



DIANA: Well he can come, can't he? Why can't he come, Jake?



JAKE: He can't come because he's insane. I'm sorry, I'm just saying it.--



AMIR: Insane is how-- Insane is how we say ace or awesome.



DIANA: (to Jake) What do you mean?



JAKE: I'll show you what I mean. Here. (He walks over to Amir's desk, shoving Amir out of the way.) Move. Right off the bat I don't even have to touch anything. (He goes through the many pictures of him on Amir's laptop.)



DIANA: Oh, these are really good pictures!



JAKE: No, yeah; (AMIR: Thank you...) 200 pictures in a folder labelled January 30th. That's today!



DIANA: Jake, you look so cute in this one.



(Amir leans his head toward Jake's arm.)



JAKE: (quietly) Oh my God, don't touch me.



AMIR: Guys, listen, if this is about the 20-piece McNougets, I can get through more than that on the way to Wendy's, trust me, I have, that is not the point.



JAKE: (to Amir) You're right, that's not the point. (to Diana) I mean look, there's a video here, too; this is insane! (He plays the video, which is somehow a recording of what Jake just said (but from a side angle...).)



JAKE (VIDEO): Look, there's a video, too, I mean this is insane!



(Jake closes Amir's laptop, revealing a picture of his face behind it.)



AMIR: (annoyed) UUghhhhh, I was recordinggg, you should never close, if I am recordinggg--



JAKE: And you should never be FUCKING RECORDING ME!



DIANA: Jake, relax, it's just a joke.



JAKE: You know what, you guys go to dinner. (walking away) This is good. This is good.



AMIR: (to Diana) Dinner tonight?



JAKE: (walking out of the office, turning back to look at them) You guys are perfect for each other, you know that?



JAKE and DIANA: Jake!



END.

													

														(Jake is sitting at his desk with black eyes and a bandage on his nose, looking sullen. Sarah rolls over.)



Sarah: Hey. Come on, let's do something fun, let's, um... go to Six Flags, like we wanted to.



Amir: Oh sheesh, amusement park, I am there brotha.



Jake: I'm not your fucking brotha, and you're not invited.



Amir: Why not?



Jake: Okay, number one you hate roller coasters.



Amir: Okay, number one most of it is waiting in lines, which I love to do. Next.



Jake: Okay then, number two that's sad, and number three, every time everybody's hanging out together and having fun, you seem to ruin 

it.



Amir: What? What are you talking about?



Jake: Oh, I don't know, why don't we start with: earlier today when we were all sitting on the beanbag?



(The flashback commences)



(Dan, Streeter, and Sarah are on the beanbag, and Jake and Pat are beside it. Amir is sitting at his desk, which is nearby. They talk 

over each other, so not all of the dialogue could be transcribed.)



Sarah: That's not true either, maybe you said fat girls.



Dan: But thenbut then how do you define doggy style? Like, when a girl's just totally flat on her stomach, is that still doggy style? 

Or is that...



Sarah: Yeah that countslike, with the legs together?



Dan: Legs together.



St: No way! No!



Sarah: Yeah! Why does that not count? It'sit's from behind [...]



St: Cause it's a whole different motion!



(Amir gets up and walks over)



Amir: Guys, listen. You guys are talking about butch league stuff.



Jake: Butch league...



Amir: This is what you do: suspend the girl. Two hooks, through the meat of her back. One in the base of her spine. Two through her 

shoulderblades. You suspend her towards the roof, counterclockwise. She falls to you clockwise, and you're supine on a raised platform; 

when you guys meet, it goes into her like a screwdriver.



(Everyone is disgusted and starts to leave)



Dan: [...], man.



St: Dude!



Sarah: Nope.



Amir: You have to break her legs to get in the hole.



Dan: Fuck.



(A second flashback commences. About ten people are dancing to Semi-Charmed Life near Amir's desk, where he is sitting.)



Amir: (Whispering) Let the bodies hit the floor. Let the bodies hit the floor. Let the bodies hit theFLOOOOORRRR!



(Amir gets up and starts madly shoving everyone)



(A third flashback commences. A pushup contest is happening, again near Amir's desk. Three people, including Jake, are doing pushups, 

and five people are cheering. Amir runs towards the group.)



Amir: Cannonbaaaaall!



(Amir jumps onto Jake's head, smashing his nose)



Amir: Wow. You are still pissed about that, aren't you.

													

														(Jake is sitting at his desk when Amir rushes in)



Amir: Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry! Did anybody notice that I was late?



Jake: Nope, nobody noticed because nobody's here.



Amir: Okay, so no. Perfecto.



Jake: Everybody noticed that you weren't at work today, though.



Amir: But nobody noticed that I was nay late?



Jake: Nope, I guess not, just me, who's here at 11 doing your work for you.



Amir: Okay, please don't turn this into a thing.



Jake: I mean... how do you even be 13 hours late to work?



Amir: Um... I guess I set my alarm for 8 and I snoozed. I snoozed it until seven chirty [sic], and then I raced here as fast as I 

could.



Jake: Okay, well given the fact that that's sad on its own... why did it take you three and a half hours to get to work?



Amir: (Pulls out a McDonald's bag) Pit stop!



Jake: Nice! Is your computer in that bag?



Amir: Ah, sheesh, no. But, there is a third-pounder here with your name on it, brotha.



Jake: That's disgusting, please put it away.



Amir: Okay.



Jake: I mean, why are you even here? What are you doing here?



Amir: Um... I was gonna save that for your 18th birthday, b



Jake: Okay, I'm 22.



Amir: But! Let me finish! (Rushes over to Jake's computer and types on his keyboard for some time) Made us a website.



Jake: Yeah, yeah you did. Jake and Amir did this work how do I hit send is this an email Jake



Amir: (Talking along with Jake) email Jake dotyeah. Okay.



Jake: dot org.



Amir: Ya brotha. And it's blue, which is pretty much the chillest color for a website.



Jake: You pretty much spelled my name with two 'k's, why?



Amir: Y2K?



Jake: Seriously though.



Amir: 'j' 'a' 'k' 'k' 'e'. Okay yeah. Must have been a fingor [sic] slip. When I



Jake: Twice.



Amir: Uh, yeah. Iokay. Jake with one 'k'. Now I know that. Going forward.



Jake: Okay, how 'bout the dot org. Why is that?



Amir: Um... I think dot com was taken.



Jake: Probably not.



Amir: Yeah. I don't know. Well, I mean, why are you critiquing it? Look, it's pretty much the chillest site devoted to us.



Jake: I guess I just don't understand why anybody in their right mind would go to a website about us. Just seems really boring.

													

														Jake: Hey guys!



?: Hey Jake.



Sarah: Hi!



Jake: What are you doing?



?: We're gonna get dinner, wanna come?



Jake: Yes, but I don't have any cash.



Sarah: Oh, that's ok. We can stop by an ATM or something.



Jake: That's really far away, actually. I have an idea. Dinner's gonna be on me, hold on.



Sarah: Nice.



(Jake bunny hops over to Amir)



Jake: What's up, dude?



Amir: Counting DVDs, yes sir. 



Jake: What number were you at?



Amir: Whatever three after nine is. What was that?



Jake: Don't bother. It's my move. Can't use it. 



Amir: I'm interested. In. Buying it.



Jake: (rubbing ear) Whispering is when you talk lower near my ear, ok? Anyway, it's not for sale, sorry.



Amir: Everything is for sale, brotha. What say you to twenty?



Jake: Don't make me laugh. See you tommorow. (starts leaving)



Amir: Wait wait wait wait wait! Forty. 



Jake: Sixty.



Amir: Eighty.



Jake: Done for eighty.



Amir: I only have five twenties. 



Jake: Cool. I'll do it for a hundred. No refunds. 



Amir: I stopped listening to you after you said I had a nice hairdo.



Jake: Then you never started listening. 



Amir: (hops away, trips on chair)



Amir: (hops toward a group playing Rock Band)



Guy: What the fuck are you doing?



Amir: (laughs) I know, it's so stupid. I was making fun of some homo who I saw on the subway. Quick question. Does anyone have a hundred bucks I can borrow? 



Guy 2: Why don't you hope to an ATM and get it?



Amir: (laughs) Yeah, right. I'll see y'all later. (running away) Jake!



*I have no idea what the name of Guy, Guy 2, or ? are. Any help?

													

														Amir (missing ping pong ball with paddle) Jake! Uh, going to the bathroom?



Jake: Actually, I'm glad you're here. Check this. (starts clapping, raps to the hand claps) My name's Amir, and I'm a loser.



Amir: (trying to clap along) I like this beat.



Jake: And no one likes me.



Amir: Whooh! Except for most people.



Jake: And I will never steal Jake's wallet again.



Amir: I like the beginning of that song, but I can nay promise the end of it.



Jake: You should be able to.



Amir: I'll see you tomorrow. 



Jake: You won't. I'm going to Florida. 



Amir: As am I.



Jake: Oh, really? Because last time I checked, I was going to Florida with my friends, and you're not my friend.



Amir: Last time I checked, you were going with your friends, your cousin Diana, and your cousin Diana's date; me, Amir. Blumenfeld. Blumenfeld is my- Blumenfeld is my last name, FYE. 



Jake: FYE?



Amir: For your advice. 



Jake: Ok, so, wrong phrase, wrong word, and it wouldn't start with an E.



Amir: You know, if you're gonna keep this up, I don't even think I should go to Florida. 



Jake: That'd be awesome.



Amir: (slaps Jake) We're even.



Jake: We're far from even.



Amir: (slaps Jake again) Mph, I don't want to have to do that again.



(Music) Screen says: TO BE CONTINUED 

													

														(At airport, waiting at terminal)



Amir (showing Jake candy bars): Pick your poison! (laughs)



Jake: You're 25, you really need to start eating like an adult.



Amir: I just, if I ate any more than three my stomach would start to hurt.



Jake: Ok, not what I meant. 



Amir: Can I ask you a personal question?



Jake: No.



Amir: I don't think we should go to Florida. 



Jake: Not personal, not a question, and I said no, so...



Amir: It's just, if we're going for the sandwiches, my uncle owns a deli and he can hook us up royal if we stay in New York. 



Jake: Alright, what are you talking about?



Amir: My cousin works for a Subway.



Jake: So just say that. We're not going for the sandwiches, we're going for the beach.



Amir: That's true. I just, truth is I'm afraid of flying. I've never been on an airplane before.



Jake: Just relax, it's going to be fine. 



Amir: You're right. We can get through this together. (tries to hug Jake)



Jake (avoiding hug): You can get through this alone.



Amir: (on plane) Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god-



Jake: Just relax. We're in the air. There's nothing you can do. 



Amir: There's always something you can do.



Jake: Don't.



Amir: (yelling) There's a fucking bomb on the plane, everybody hit the fucking floor now! 



Amir (back at terminal, implied they were kicked off the plane): We should just take a train, man. 



Jake: We already bought stand-by tickets for the next flight.



Amir: Trust me, a train will be faster. I can do that like ten more times. 

													

														(Amir is in the living room with a group of folks working on a jigsaw puzzle)



GIRL: Oh hey, do you want to put this one there?



AMIR: Yeah. (throws piece at table) I don't know how puzzles work. 



(everyone laughs, Jake enters)



JAKE: Amir. Can I talk to you in the kitchen, please?



AMIR: Yeah.



(in kitchen)



JAKE: QQ, ass-fuck. What time did I tell you to wake me up?



AMIR: 12:30?



JAKE: 11:30. What time is it now?



AMIR: 5:30.



JAKE: (removing robe, showing his all-over burn) It's 6:30.



AMIR: Yikes! 



JAKE: Look at me. 



AMIR: You got some color. 



JAKE: Yeah, red. I'm burnt to a crisp!



(Amir is poking at him) 



JAKE: Ow!



AMIR: Well, I mean red is technically a color. Besides, this might be one of those good problems to have. 



JAKE: Not knowing what supermodel to date would be a good problem to have. This sucks!



AMIR: I'm listening. 



JAKE: That's it. I'm done talking. You've single-handedly ruined my vacation on the first day we're here. 



AMIR: You know, Diana told me to stick up for myself against you. 



JAKE: What is that supposed to mea--



(Amir slaps him)



JAKE: OW! Fuck you. I'm done talking to you. 



(Amir slaps his back, Jake falls, the camera is back on the people working on the puzzle)



JAKE: OW! God damn it! What is wrong with you?! I fucking hate you!



GIRL#2: I'm looking for a white piece with a little bit of tree. 



(Amir is seen slapping Jake with a fly swatter, then it's back to the puzzle people)



JAKE: Is nobody seeing this?! 



GIRL: Ooo, can nay help you there, sistah. 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uK_a02DeOH0

													

														Large group: lots of noise, other way, other way



here we go



other way



where is that piece



it fits here



it does? oh yea it does.



oh my god



it's so pretty



Jake: One last piece, I think everybody should be here



Guy:definitely



Jake: wanna get everyone?



Girl: ok



(gets up and starts walking)



Jake: Yo come check this out



Voices: What?



Jake: The puzzles almost over



(amir starts hoping down the steps)



Guy: guys check it out



(amir walks over to the puzzle)



Amir: whoa one piece



(starts looking for the piece, lifts up puzzle,)



Amir: Not there



(tries to step on table, puzzle falls to the floor)



Amir: ahaa sheeshcobumps 



(screen goes black)



(amir on the couch fidgeting around, puzzle in a clump on table, large group walks in chanting)



Large group: Puzzle! Puzzle! Puzzle! Puzzle! Puzzle! Puzzle! Puzzle! Puzzle! 



(they enter the room with Jake in front)



girl: oh my gosh



Amir: you guys crazy shit just went down. Two robbers came in, three robbers actually two of them had guns, demanded I destroy the puzzle or everyone here got it. Easy choice for me. I'm not a hero or whatever. Umm (shifts uncomfortably) who's sleeping where tonight?



Jake: I'm going to bed (throws puzzle piece at Amir)



Amir: That almost hit my eye. you guys saw that. that's how he treats a hero

													

														Jake And Amir: Chips



From the Vimeo days - no intro. 



[Jake picks up a bag of Lay's chips to open them.]



Amir: Ahhh, just give me that to me. It's so annoying watching you fumble with that bag. I can open it in a second.



Jake: Okay, no.



Amir: Give it to me or I'm going to ARGHHH-



[Jake tosses the bag across the desk to Amir.]



Amir: Hizzzonkey 



Jake: Please speak in English. It's really annoying when I have to decipher your stupid language. 



Amir: Watch un larn.



Jake: See like that.



[Amir takes out a pair of scissors and cuts the through the bag and chips.]



Jake: Alright that's cheating. Come on. 



[Amir continues cutting the chips.]



Jake: And now you owe me a bag of chips. Great. Good job.



Amir: Yeesh. Crumbs. Let's just agra to disagra. 



[Amir eats a chip.]



Jake: I'd- I'd just rather it's complete gibberish so that I can just zone you out entirely. 



[Amir holds up a 'shock 'em' foam hand.]



Amir: Isn't it shocking that.



Jake: That what?



Amir: Isn't it...



Jake: That you couldn't finish the joke? No, it's not. Do you even know what that means? 



Amir: Two in the pussy and the pinky is in the asshole. 



Jake: Eughhh. I shouldn't have asked. I shouldn't have asked. 



Amir: You rang?



Jake: No, I didn't ring you. I don't ring you. Do you even know what it says  when you call me? Call me right now.



[Jake's phone rings. He shows the caller ID, which is photo of Amir with 

a banned symbol across his face.]



Jake: I don't wanna hurt your feelings, but I do want to.



Amir: Muhmuhmuh my milkshake brings all the boys to the yard-



Jake: Stop 



[Amir eats another chip.]



CUT TO 



[Amir falls out of his chair. Jake looks at Amir and then gets up and leaves.]



NOTES:



Jake's ringtone is 'In The Street' by Cheap Trick.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKGOMNdLloU



You can buy the BIG FOAM SHOCKER from BustedTees!

http://www.bustedtees.com/bigfoamshocker

													

														Amir is sitting at Jake's desk, alone, on Jake's computer typing quickly and looking over his shoulder.



Jake walks up and sees Amir on his computer.



Jake: Hey, hey!



Amir pulls his hands back from the keyboard shaking.



Jake: What are you doing?!



Amir: Uhh. I'm playing Snood.



Jake: No you're-



Amir: Releex.



Jake: You're unsuccessfully trying to close Firefox. You know I can read what you're doing on here.



Amir: Oh. no.



Jake reads the browser history out loud. 



Jake: Where exactly does Jake live dot com.



Jake looks exasperated.



Jake: What is Jake's favorite color dot com, backslash is it blue, backslash grey.



Amir: Is it?



Jake: That's sad. Where does Jake hang out after work dot com.



Amir: Well you don't tell me so I figged I would ask Goog. I'm sorry.



Jake: You should be.



Jake resumes reading the websites out loud.



Jake: Does Jake secretly appreciate me dot no.



Amir: Dot com. 



Amir does a quick laugh.



Amir: Nice reading Einsteen.



Jake: What are teeth made out of dot com.



Amir: Like you know.



Jake: Enamel. Scale dot com.



Amir: The website where you step on it-



Jake: I remember that one.



Amir: -and it tells you how much you weigh.



Amir looks ashamed. Jake reads more of the history.



Jake: How does Google work dot com. Is this a search?



Jake talks to Amir.



Jake: You're getting closer.



Amir: Thank-



Jake: I'll give it to you.



Amir: Alright. Thank you.



Jake: Shit he's coming, close, close, close dot com. Then, Jake dot com. You tried to sneak one in there. 



Amir: You know this is more embarrassing for you than it is for me.



Jake: You don't get how embarrassing works. Alright, two things, okay? Number one, if you touch my computer again, I'm going to get you fired. Number two, get the fuck out of here.



Amir: Okay, number two, I will get out of here, right away if you answer me this-



Jake: Okay, Shasta McNasty.



Amir looks defeated.



Amir: Uh. 



Jake: And it wasn't the best show ever on television. Now leave.



Amir: Double or nothing.



Jake: French fries.



First Jake, then Amir get up.



Jake: Thank you.



Amir: Nevermind.



Amir goes back to his desk, Jake sits back down at his.



Jake: Okay, you left a picture of yourself when you were a kid on my desk.



Amir: Keep it!



Jake: I'm gonna throw it away.



Amir: DON'T! Keep it on your desk for thirty dollars.



Jake: I'll keep it on the top of my trashcan for ten.



Amir starts yelling all his responses.



Amir: DEAL!



Jake: You don't have to yell, you're standing right in front of me.



Amir: SORRY!



Jake: It's pathetic.



Amir: I KNOW! JAKE!



Outtake



Jake and Amir are both sitting at Jake's desk. Jake is going over his browser history to see what Amir was doing on his computer.



Jake: Does Jake secretly appreciate me dot no.



Amir: Dot com.



Amir does a short laugh.



Amir: Nice reading dipshit.



Jake and Amir both start laughing.



Jake: Not getting through this one dog!



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														Jake sits down at his desk with a sandwich.



AMIR: Whoa, what is that? Tell me right now.



JAKE: Calm down, it's a sandwich. 



AMIR: No shit Sherlock, what kind?



JAKE: Not that it's any of your business--



AMIR: Incorrect. You're supposed to keep digging Watson. Continue.



JAKE: Mayo.



AMIR: Ooh.



JAKE: Mozzarella.



AMIR: Mustard.



JAKE: Mozzarella cheese.



AMIR: Provolone, my favesies. 



JAKE: And a veggie burger.



AMIR: Pizza.



JAKE: No, none of those things. 



AMIR: Ooh, I'm sorry brotha. 



JAKE: Don't be.



AMIR: That is mine, that is definitely my sandwich. 



JAKE: It's not.



AMIR: No questions asked.



JAKE: You're right, no questions asked. My sandwich.



AMIR: Listen, ask anybody in here that knows me, they'll tell you zat one is definitely my sandwich.



JAKE: I'm the only one here that knows you, and I'm telling you that it's my sandwich.



AMIR: It shouldn't even come to this. 



JAKE: Yeah.



AMIR: (Laughs) I mean, this is insane! It's so--



JAKE: Yeah.



AMIR: It's clear to me whose sandwich it belongs to.



JAKE: (Laughs) Me too, yeah.



AMIR: I wasn't even going to do this, but I will trade you my food for yours. 



JAKE: You don't bring food to work.



Amir holds up a container of sprinkles and a container of cake frosting.



AMIR: Oh, really? Okay, so sprinkles, frosting. Choose ONE! But not both.



JAKE: I'll choose neither.



AMIR: Okay, good, 'cause these are gonna go great on my sandwich.



JAKE: You're not getting the sandwich.



AMIR: Jake, listen to me. Joking aside, I need that sandwich. I haven't eaten in several days. Just, please, I'm begging you. 



JAKE: Oh, god, I know you're serious. Here. 



Jake starts to pass Amir the sandwich.



AMIR: (Laughs) Oh it appears as if the prankee has become the pranker. I have eaten in the last few days, and you know what? You ain't gettin' that sandwich back.



JAKE: Said that a little early, didn't you? Now I'm not gonna give you the sandwich.



AMIR: W-w-w-w-wait! I'll sell it to you for a joke.



Jake shrugs.



JAKE: Shut up. 



AMIR: What's the difference between procrastination and masturbation?



Jake starts eating the sandwich.



AMIR: You're fucking yourself over. 



Jake shrugs.



AMIR: Both times.



END



EPISODE LINK

													

														Amir: Jake. Did you get my email? My article idea?



Jake: I did. It was terrible.



Amir: Terribly bad, maybe.



Jake: Same thing, right? It's the same thing.



Amir: Wha 'eva.



Jake: (Yawns) Why am I so tired?



Amir: Shouldn't keep working this hard, man.



Jake: What?



Amir: You needed a break.



Jake: What did you do?



Amir: Put sleeping pills in your coffee.



Jake: I don't drink coffee.



(Behind Jake, someone drinking coffee (evidently) falls over)



Amir: I put it in your water too



(Jake conks out. He wakes up later in the day, and it is implied that he is dreaming.)



Jake: What just happened?



Amir: I don't know. Are you okay?



Jake: Uh, yeah. Yes.



Amir: Listen, sorry I've been acting weird for the past couple years. I'm gonna stop all that now.



Jake: Really? That's great! Thanks.



Amir: No problemo. Hah, I'm just kidding.



Jake: AGH!



Amir: Are you okay?



Jake: I think I just got a migraine.



(Back in the real world, Amir is carrying Jake through the office, accidentally banging his head on someone's monitor)



Amir: Woah, are you sweating?



Jake: I don't know.



Amir: You're like, really wet dude.



(In the real world, Amir is running the faucet over Jake's forehead)



Jake: (Shivering and hugging himself) Jesus, it's cold in here!



(In the real world, Jake is shirtless, and Amir is carrying him outside. Amir puts him down on the ground. Jake wakes up.)



Jake: Why are you doing this?



(Amir bends closer)



Amir: (Whispering) I don't know.







(Amir's chin is on Jake's shoulder, back in the office, and Amir keeps making the HUH! sound until he coughs)



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														Amir: Question. 

Jake: Is it about work? 

Amir: Nn..mm..kind of. 

Jake: So not at all then. 

Amir: How the FUCK could you get a haircut? 

Jake: ...How? 

Amir: I mean...are you surprised with how I'm reacting to this?

Jake: I wanna be. I really do. Unfortunately, this is normal for you. 

Amir: This is--this is--this is normal for me, right? This is normal for me?

Jake: What are you angry? 

Amir: No. ...No, I'm not angry. (shrugs) I'm not angry at all. I'm fucking livid! 

Jake: Why are you freaking out? 

Amir: I don't know, I mean, psh, does the phrase matching haircut club mean anything to you? 

Jake: No. 

Amir: No. Eh, eh, eh, eh, (almost a coughing noise, with a head tilt each time) 

Jake: You okay? 

Amir: Eh, eh. No, you know what? Yeah, I'm okay. This is good. This is good--now I know. 

Jake: I'm gonna get a soda. Try to relax, calm down. 

Amir: Piggy front. 

Jake: What? 

Amir: Piggy front. Right now. (jumps on top of Jake)

Jake: What are you doing? Oh God. 

Amir: We're even. 

Jake: Fine. 

Amir: BUT, you have to take me to Supercuts after work because I'm saying that I want this exact length--

Jake: Don't touch it.  

													

														(Amir, holding the camera, runs up behind and surprises Jake, who was walking on the street. The Ace and Jocelyn theme plays.)



Amir: Na na na na na!



Jake: Get(Pushes Amir off) what are you doing?!



Amir: Hey! What strange and foreign planet are we on today, Ace?



Jake: Not this again...



Amir: (Reaching towards Jake's pants) Oo, what crazy denim pants are these? Go on and strut them for the camera! Go on and 

strut them for the camera.



Jake: I have an idea: why don't you just leave? Okay? Get out of here, do something else?



Amir: Good thinking my co-astronaut accountant. We can cover more ground that way; unfortunately, I would never leave you. So, 

think again, alright?



Jake: Jesus Christ. Listen. (The footage for the rest of this line has been constructed piecemeal from different footage) 

Amir, just never leave me alone! Please! Always be close to me. Just, never be far away. I'm honestly begging you. That would 

be great. Please.



Amir: Sure thing Ace. Sure thing.



Jake: You're gonna edit this thing like a



Amir voiceover: chill dude



Jake: aren't you?



Amir: I always do.



(Amir smiles and tries to wink at the camera, then covers it with his hand)



Amir voiceover: Next week on Ace and Jocelyn: Astronaut Accountants from Outer Space!



(Someone is holding the camera right in Amir's sweater)



Amir: ns to record. It's not that hard! Justokay.



(Amir backs away from the camera, evidently being held by Jake)



Amir: Do you have my whole body? Turn it sideways. (The camera turns sideways) Put it sideways. (Strikes a pose) Sure thing 

Ace! I'll come to your birthday party! Excellent. How much do I owe you? Not that you did anything.



Jake: Five bucks.



Amir: Five dollars?! I said three bucks. Give it to me.

													

														Amir: No way, no way, Jurassic Prak 2 was so underrated.



Jake: How can you say that, Jurassic Park 2 was terrible.



Amir: Not true, Jeff Goldblum was in it, which is great. And the special effects were phenomenal for the time.



Jake: Special effects? Name one good special effect in that movie.



Amir: Um, the part where the T hyphen rex attacks San Diego.



Jake: Alright, uh, yeah, I guess I'll give you that. See this is the kind of shit we should be talking about, none of this weird... go, 

take me to dinner and all that... movies.



Amir: Defiantly.



Jake: What?



Amir: Shti. Shit. Oops. Sorry. Phone's ringing. Burb. BRB.. It's my step brother, I need to take this. Stop talking. You're an idiot. 

I'm an idiot. Amir Blumenfeld is an idiot.



Jake: OK wow. Uh, I see what's going on, Patrick, why would you agree to this?



Amir: Amir said he'd pay me $1453. No, I didn't I said $1553.



Jake: OK, that's more.



Amir: Patrick you fucked me on this. No I didn't. Any retard would have stopped reading this by now. You're still reading. This is 

insane. Patrick stop. I'm still reading this, like an idiot. I'm the biggest idiot in the world. Patrick stop it. Jake will never be 

friends with me. Jake will never like me. Jake will never like me.



Jake: Patrick! Stop.



Amir: C. H. Patrick has logged off.



Jake: Come on.

													

														Jake is sitting at table. Amir comes in with a bag over his head shrieking.



JAKE: Jesus Christ!



Amir takes the bag off of his head.



AMIR: (Laughing) I'm just kidding. Not that you'd even care if I tried to kill me. Would you?



JAKE: No.



AMIR: Okay. Let's start from the ze-top. Filling out our men's basketball bracket. I'll start. Division I Men's Bracket Opening Round Game vs. March 18th. Who ya got?



JAKE: Let's start lower with an actual team. North Carolina vs. Mount St. Mary.



AMIR: 16 - 1 already. So, once you're up 20, there's no going back. I'd be a fool to go for North Carolina in this situation. M T S T Mary, thank you.



JAKE: Okay, you can't do math. Also, this isn't a scoreboard. These are their seeds.



AMIR: Okay. Not gonna change my pick.



JAKE: You are though. I'm watching you.



AMIR: (Covering his bracket) Don't cheat.



[Jump cut]



AMIR: What'd you get for Indiana?



JAKE: I just wrote Indiana.



AMIR: Me too. (Amir scribbles something)



JAKE: No, you're drawing a picture of me.



AMIR: How can you tell?



JAKE: Because the hair's.



AMIR: Because the pearly white teeth.



JAKE: Stop.



[Jump cut]



AMIR: Moving on. By U vs. Texas A (Jake mouths BYU) and M. So it's two teams against one, it would be a sucker's bet to go for anybody but these Texas teams.



JAKE: You know you're an idiot, but I got Texas AM too, so.



AMIR: Texas A or M? Okay, you can't (laughs) have them both, okay. So, I'll take Baylor and Perda over Zav-. How do you - when a word starts with an x, what is that?



[Jump cut]



AMIR: You smell super good today by the way bro.



JAKE: C'mon.



AMIR: What?!



JAKE: That.



[Jump cut]



AMIR: St. Mary's and then also Mount St. Mary's. So, this bracket's already busted, right? So. Let me tear it and we'll start it from there. (Amir begins tearing his bracket)



JAKE: Ok, Those - there are two St. Mary's teams.



AMIR: Okay, that's fine. I'll just tape it back together. It's not the first time I made that mistake.



JAKE: You can tell.



AMIR: What. Barely.



[Jump cut]



AMIR: Oral Roberts (Laughs) What is that - Is that team about having butt sex with each other?



JAKE: That's immature and the wrong innuendo.



[Jump cut]



AMIR: Baylor, straight to da final tree.



JAKE: It's final four.



AMIR: Not when you're that good. From way downtown. (Throws pen across room like a basketball) Ah sheesh, can I borrow your pen?



[Jump cut]



Amir is circling something.



AMIR: From way downtown. (Throws pen across the room like a basketball again)



JAKE: C'mon.



[Jump cut]



Amir is now holding a pink highlighter.



AMIR: We should write a movie about two guys that predict scores.



JAKE: It's already a movie.



[Jump cut]



AMIR: Texas versus Austin P. Ooo I like Austin P. (does an Austin Powers impression) in the final four baby, yeah!



JAKE: It's not very likely.



AMIR: (Still doing Austin Powers impression) Oh does that prediction make you horny?



JAKE: It makes me sad.



AMIR: Same th- Same thing.



[Jump cut]



JAKE: Do you even have the $5 buy in?



AMIR: Um, nay. But, I have a feeling Mr. Hamilton (takes out $5 bill) will persuade the bracket masta.



Jake takes $5 bill from Amir and throws it on the table. Amir quickly snatches it back.



[Jump cut]



AMIR: Lightning round! UCLA! (Amir is scribbling something)



JAKE: You're just drawing lightning.



AMIR: Or whatever.



JAKE: Not or whatever. You are.



AMIR: San Diego. (Draws something and looks at Jake)



JAKE: Write it!



AMIR: That's a chill bolt.



[Jump cut]



Amir is laughing hysterically.



AMIR: Oral Roberts.



[Jump cut]



AMIR: Alright, this is taking way too long. (To Jake) We got dinner to go to.



JAKE: We don't.



[Jump cut]



AMIR: Finals. San Antonio vs. who?



JAKE: The finals are in San Antonio. You need to pick two teams.



AMIR: Alright. (Amir writes something and looks at Jake)



JAKE: It's Jake. Jake wins it all.



AMIR: Sorry. I thought that's where we put our name.



JAKE: It's my name.



AMIR: It's our name.



[Jump cut]



Jake gets up from his chair.



AMIR: Wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-wait. Just tell me- How do you pronounce this: Day-u-k-e?



[Jump cut]



AMIR: West Vir - There's a West Virginia?



Link

													

														STREETER: (in Australian accent) Oy, Jacob! (normal) No, just kidding.  Um...I have all the interns in the conference room.  Can you get in there and work on some Spring Break articles?



JAKE: Sure.



(Jake starts walking towards the conference room.)



STREETER: Good ones, please, this year.



JAKE: Heh...alright.



(Amir gets up and follows him.)



AMIR: Jakey, Jakey.  Question:  Let's play some good cop, bad cop with these guys.



JAKE: I don't think you're involved in this.



AMIR: I don't think you understand what I meant.  Follow my lead.



JAKE: No-



(Amir bursts into the conference room.  Jake is behind him.  There are 5 interns sitting around the conference table.)



AMIR: L-L-L-L-LISTEN UP, MAGGOTS!



JAKE: Hey, don't worry.  He's kidding.  We just need to start thinking-



AMIR: WE DON'T NEED TO START THINKING!  YOU NEED TO START THINKING!  Jake...



JAKE: We ALL need to start thinking of Spring Break articles.



INTERN #1: I bet the-



AMIR: AH I BEYEYET DID ANYONE EVEN ASK YOU TO TALK, BRO?  ARE YOU SERIOUSLY FUCKING LOOKING AT ME??  ARE YOU FUCKING CRAZY, ESE?



INTERN #2 (Casey): Jake-



AMIR: JAKE, DON'T FUCKING SAY HIS NAME!  DON'T YOU SAY HIS GOD DAMN NAME!



JAKE: It's fine.



AMIR: It's NOT fine.  I forget.  Jake, what do we do to cute little stupid interns that keep saying your first name.



JAKE: You're not stupid, Casey, obviously.  Uh, Amir's just taking a bad joke too far - 



AMIR: (scoff sound) Bad joke.  There's only one bad joke I see - 



(Amir gets on the table and starts crawling toward blond intern)



AMIR: -and it's this cute little blond number. 



(Amir crawls right to her face)



AMIR: (to blond intern) You're fucking beautiful, you know that?



JAKE: Alright, Amir.  That's enough.  You have to leave. Now!



(Amir takes a hammer out of his pocket and hands it to an intern).



AMIR: (to intern with hammer) Break my hand.  Come on, break it.  Right now.



(Intern tries to hit Amir's hand with the hammer, but Amir move his hand away before the hammer hits)



AMIR: ARE YOU FUCKING CRAZY?



ROSIE (an intern, as he stands up): Alright, Jake, I'm gonna go.



JAKE: Yeah, that's fine.



AMIR: Ye-ah, don-you know, don't even bother going, cuz I'll fucking take you there.



(Amir throws Rosie on the conference room table, and gets on top of him.  Cut shots of Amir punching Rosie, of the interns trying to get Amir off of Rosie, of Amir's bloody hand reaching for the hammer.  Amir raises the hammer.  Everyone's trying to restrain Amir or his arm.)



JAKE (as all this is happening):  Amir, no!  What the FUCK are you doing?  Oh my god, no!



AMIR: LET ME KILL HIM!!  LET ME FUCKING KILL THE ASSHOLE!!



(cut to Jake and Amir at their desks)



AMIR: Jake.  Want to know what the weirdest part of that meeting was?



JAKE: What?



AMIR: I was the GOOD cop.



EPISODE LINK

													

														PAT: Alright, Jake, you're ready?



JAKE: Yeah.



PAT: Okay, category is: movies.



Pat starts drawing.



JAKE: Okay.



AMIR: Apple, apple, apple, apple, apple, apple, apple, apple, apple, apple, apple, apple, apple!



PAT: Stop! And you're not on my team!



AMIR: Don't fucking talk! That's rule number one, you dumb-ass Irish piece of shit!



JAKE: It's Indiana Jones.



PAT: Yes, yes, it is. Congratulations.



AMIR: Okay, great. My turn. 



Amir stands up and Pat sits down.



AMIR: Question nmero uno: can I switch teams?



JEFF: Actually I think that...



JAKE: No! Too late. (to Pat) Hey, what's up?



AMIR: Jeff, how about don't fuck me on this for once?



JEFF: I'll try.



AMIR: The category is topics, and the topic is movies.



Amir starts drawing.



JEFF: Okay... umm...



JAKE: Just say movies.



JEFF: Lion King?



AMIR: (sighs) No joke... (covers mouth) sorry. No joke guesses though.



JEFF: I'm just gonna wait til he draws it all. Star Wars!



AMIR: Star... ?! You fucking see any star? I mean, I'm sorry I'm not supposed to say anything but... please, are you...? Jake, can you, tell him what it is.



JAKE: It's Freddy Got Fingered.



AMIR: Thank you!



JEFF: How would you get that?



AMIR: Same wavelength.



JAKE: No, it's the only movie he's ever seen.



AMIR: Also that.



PAT: How have you not seen any other movies?



AMIR: I mean, would, would Michelangelo draw anything after the Mona Lisa?



JAKE: Okay, number one: Da Vinci PAINTED the Mona Lisa, number two: he painted plenty of other things after 

that.



AMIR: Okay, number one: daddy would you like some sausage, number two: my bum is on the Swedish, number three: I keep on banging this marker against the board because Jeff is such an idiot that we have to get a new one. I'll be back (throws marker). Jake, you wanna come with me and get a new one?



JAKE: No.



Amir walks backwards and exits the room.



AMIR: I'll be back.



JEFF: Have you ever met his parents?



JAKE: God, no.



PAT: How are you good friends with him?



JAKE: It's complicated. Where is he by the way? It's been long. 



Jake stands up.



Jake and Pat find Amir on the hallway lying on the floor without a shirt.



JAKE: Wow.



PAT: Oh my God! Is he okay?



JAKE: Yeah, hes sleeping.



PAT: Hes drawn a picture.



Pat picks up papers from the floor.



JAKE: No, those are words. 



Jake grabs papers and starts reading.



JAKE: Jake, cnae find markers, got hot, thought I'd take a  snooze, wake me up pre Hercules on TNT, Amir.



PAT: How did you read that?



JAKE: I don't know.



PAT: There's more.



Jake switches page.



JAKE: Jake. LOL.



THE END



http://www.jakeandamir.com/post/29852549/pictionary

													

														[Jake walks into an empty office, Amir is sitting at his desk eating crisps. 'Every Morning' by Sugar Ray is playing throughout the office]

Jake: What's going on?



Amir: [eating and laughing stupidly]



Jake: It's 9:30 where is everbody?



Amir: B-b-b-b-b-bomb threat



Jake: Oh God, what are you talking about?



Amir: [singing] Bomb threat, bomb threat, bomb threat, bomb... bomb threat



Jake: Just stop, explain it



Amir: Maybe you should check your email, I believe you have something from an anonymous stranger about a bomb in ze build-ong



Jake: Okay, I have an email from you, and you signed it anonymous



Amir: [mouthful of crisps] Same thing



Jake: It's very much not the same thing



Amir: Well, now that you're here, you have no choice but to go get frozen yogurts with me



Jake: I have lots of choices: one of which is to call Ricky and get you fired



Amir: Next Choice



Jake: You know actually I think that's pretty much it, what did you expect?



Amir: I mean relax, we're here. Nobody else is, we could do anything we want; haven't you ever wanted to work naked?



Jake: No, I don't wanna get naked



Amir: [cut to Amir naked at his desk] Okay, me neither



Jake: [gets up] You know what, I'm gonna go home like everybody else



Amir: Jake!

													

														AMIR: Jake, what is your favorite type of banana and where--



JAKE: (sighs) Come on, I don't have time for this, all right? I'm leaving.



AMIR: Where are you going?



JAKE: . . . uh . . . downstairs, for a couple of seconds. 



AMIR: OK . . . I'm coming with you.



JAKE: OK, you're not. Just relax. I'll be back in a few - in a minute, one minute. (to the office) Bye, everybody. Have a good weekend.







(Amir talking to camera)



AMIR: Something was very fishy about that and I intend to find out.



PAT: Amir! You coming to the meeting? 



AMIR: Uh, yes. One second.



PAT: OK. 



(Amir runs off)







(shots of Jake working his way through the airport, Amir commentating) 



AMIR: Stairway to heaven, Jake-y? 







AMIR: You JetBlue it. 







AMIR: Get out of the way! 







AMIR: Let's see what's behind the door! (alarm goes off) I am so sorry, I think I messed up. 







(Amir filming himself in airplane bathroom)



AMIR: Jake is going to flip his shiatsu when he realizes that I am his April Fool's present.  Uh, I'm going to try and get a good look at him when I walk by, hopefully he's asleep or something. 



(Amir exits bathroom and walks past Jake on plane) 







(In LA airport, filming Jake approaching)



AMIR: Aww, here he comes! (laughs) Let's see how long until he notices me. (laughing) Oh my god, oh this is so good! Look at this, look at this. Welcome to wherever we are, brotha. Oh my god. Happy April Fools Day. Jake, it's me. I haven't seen this much happiness since me, right now. 



JAKE: Put the camera down. Turn the camera off. What are you doing in LA? How did you get here?



AMIR: Let me answer your question with another question. What's LA? 



JAKE: So you followed me onto the plane. Where's your stuff? 



AMIR: What stuff? What are you talking about? 



JAKE: Where are you staying?! 



AMIR: With you? I don't know.



JAKE: Listen. Absolutely not.







(camera zooms out on Amir lying in bed next to Jake) 



AMIR: Whoa! Ha! Your aunt is really nice. 



JAKE: You shouldn't have yelled at her. 



AMIR: OK. She wanted me to sleep in a different room.



JAKE: So did I. 



AMIR: (scoffs)



JAKE: Will you at least sleep head to toe? 



AMIR: How about - no.



JAKE: (sighs) Oh god, turn off the light then.



AMIR: Double no. And now I'm pissed at you. 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nX0qNgZo51k 

													

														(Amir opens the blinds in the room and then jumps on Jake in bed) 



AMIR: (laughs) Jake.



JAKE: Come on. Ow!



AMIR: I yelled at your aunt. It's 6:15, it's 12:35 New York time.



JAKE: It's 9:15 New York time. 



AMIR: Whatevah.



JAKE: Not whatever. 







(Jake is brushing teeth in bathroom)



AMIR: What are you doing? You're on vacation! (chuckles) While we're out here, I ain't shaving, I ain't showering and I sure as hell ain't brushing. I might not even take a shit.  (high pitched) For real. 







(Jake is standing by the pool)



AMIR: Get the fuck away from that...water thing, I'm serious. 



JAKE: The pool?







(Jake is on the computer)



AMIR: By the way, Ricky is pi-ossed. He called me earlier and he was like, 'where the fuck are you, dude?'.  (chuckles)



JAKE: He's pissed at you. 



AMIR: What?







(Walking outside to the car) 



AMIR: Hey, where are we going now?



JAKE: My cousin's apartment. 



AMIR: OK, let me drive there. 



JAKE: OK, you are definitely not. 



AMIR: OK, let me drive there right now, or I'm going to go back inside and fuc--







(inside the car, Amir is behind the wheel)



AMIR: OK, what is 'R'? (car moves, Amir laughs) Whoa, oh my god, did you feel that? 



JAKE: Let me drive ri--







(Amir is driving on the highway)



JAKE: OK, so what is happening?



AMIR: STOP RECORDING, PLEASE, JUST TAKE THE WHEEL, I DON'T KN-I DON'T WANT TO DO THIS ANYMORE, THIS SUCKS! 



JAKE: I'll take the wheel if you tell--



AMIR: (lets go of wheel and shakes fists, yelling over Jake) I want to go home! I want to go home!  



JAKE: --me who should be driving right now. WELL HOLD ON TO IT! 



AMIR: (takes wheel again) OK, well, chill. Now you're making me nervous.







(Amir attempting to sing along with the song on the radio . . . poorly)



JAKE: Not close. Not even close at all. 



(continues to sing, cuts to Amir with hands off the wheel again, dancing)



AMIR: Jake, whoa! (takes wheel) Ah, watch- help me out, a little. 







(walking in a parking garage)



AMIR: (chuckles) Jake, it's like that episode of Seinfeld!



JAKE: Only not funny. 



AMIR: (laughs) With the jerking off, it's everyone's favorite episode.



JAKE: (over Amir) -And the wrong episode. Please! Just look around, does any of it look familiar? Do you see the car? 



AMIR: I already told you, I gave it to a valet, let's just relax.



JAKE: That's the first time you told me that because this place doesn't have a valet! 



AMIR: Ok, sheesh. Uh, relax, he was wearing jeans. He was super excited when I gave him the keys. 



JAKE: Yeah, I bet he was. The keys to my aunt's car, right? 



AMIR: One second. What color is it? White?







(walking outside)



AMIR: Jake, idea! 



JAKE: About how to get the car back? 



AMIR: No, better. I'm going to lay on the floor and you jump over me and I'll do it in slow motion.  It's going to look sick nasty! 



JAKE: Man, you lost the c--







(Approaching the In-and-Out Burger at night)



AMIR: (whining) What are we doing? It's late! 



JAKE: It's eight!



AMIR: It's late-thirty. 



JAKE: It's eight thirty and just relax, we're meeting my friends at In and Out.  



AMIR: What's that?



JAKE: It's-it's like McDonalds, just shut up, please. 



AMIR: Your friends better not be ass-tards.



JAKE: (to friends) Hey!



FRIEND #1: Hey! What's up man? How are ya? 



AMIR: (shakes friend's hand) Hey, I'm Amir. Jake's new best friend. (shakes Friend #2's  hand) Hi, I'm Amir, Jake's new best friend. (goes to third friend) Hey, Jake's new best friend. (fourth friend) Hey, Jake's new best friend. (back to Friend #2) Did I meet you before?



FRIEND #2: Yeah.



AMIR: Jake's new best friend.



FRIEND #2: Why he is here? 



JAKE: Can you--







(cuts to them ordering)



AMIR: Hey, sorry guys, one second, I need a word alone with my new best friend. (grabs Jake by head)



JAKE: Oh my god! 



AMIR: Hey, you said this place was like McDonalds, right? 



JAKE: Let go of my fucking head.



AMIR: You said this place was like McDonalds. So why did they just fucking laugh at me when I ordered Chicken McNuggets, huh? Huh?! 







(They're eating at a table)



AMIR: Fellas, guy walks face first into a bar, a metal bar. Ouch. (chuckles, no one laughs) All right, Jake, let's go. 



JAKE: No.



AMIR: Right now! ...I mean, I'm not asking you. 



JAKE: Yeah, you should though. You should at least do me do me that courtesy.



AMIR: LET'S GO N--!! 







(Amir is sleeping on table bench)



FRIEND #3: Is he really just asleep? That quickly?



FRIEND #4: That's almost impressive. 



JAKE: It's sad.



(they start throwing french fries at the amir) 



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6Gg1rycNs8

													

														AMIR: Jake.



JAKE: Come on, what's the rule?  Don't talk to me, unless - 



AMIR: Unless I have a question, which, I do...and that is...did you get play this weekend?  



(Jake gives Amir an incredulous look).



AMIR: Boom.  Straight up.  I'm not gonna sugarcoat it.  I respect you too much...for that.



JAKE: Play?  Did I get play?



AMIR: Did you get it?  That.  Jake.  What?  Yeah.



JAKE: Okay, new rule: No talking to me unless you have a question, SPECIFICALLY pertaining to 

work.



AMIR: Okay, new rule for you, no talking to me, unless....you want to.



JAKE: Fine.



AMIR: Or, okay, new rule...unless, even if you don't want to, I get 3 begs a day.



JAKE: Okay, stop talking.



AMIR: Wow.  Sorry.  Sorry you don't get with fine chicks.  That's not my problem, though.



JAKE: Okay, nobody calls chicks fine or says play.  THAT'S your problem.



AMIR: Oh, THAT'S my problem.



JAKE: Yeah, you're like an 8th grade nerd.



AMIR: Nerd, right?  I'm a nerd?  I'm a nerd?  I'm a nerd?  I'm a ner-hahahahahaha



JAKE: Okay, you're yelling.



AMIR: Would a nerd get oh, i don't know, a 1.26 gpa in college?



JAKE: Are you serious?



AMIR: 3 D pluses and an F.  Every trimester.   Like clocks...



JAKE:  Okay.



AMIR:  ...work.  Ask any one of my professors.  I didn't study for one exam, one quiz - 



JAKE: Okay, that's like pathetic.



AMIR: Pathetic, maybe.  But why don't you call me a nerd?



JAKE:  You're a nerd.



AMIR:  Call me a nerd one more time.



JAKE:  You're a nerd.



AMIR: Louder.



JAKE: YOU'RE A NERD!



AMIR: You'll do ANYTHING I fucking tell you to do, won't you? (Amir makes a kissing motion)



JAKE: Don't do that.



(Amir makes a hesitant, insecure kissing motion, then gives up)



AMIR:  Sorry.



EPISODE LINK

													

														AMIR: Welcome to episode 3 of Ace and Jocelyn - Astronaut Accountants from Outer Space!



(intro-Ace and Jocelyn, from space and Jocelyn, astronaut accountants and they're coming to your face, if you love that shiz say na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-hey!)



AMIR: We're here alone in the...space office, and I have a feeling Ace will be back, because you can't get very far without your space wallet, or ... more specifically, his space Subway card. Now it's just a matter of time, co-space cowboys - (gasp) in fact. Here he is right now! Ace! (trips and falls, drops camera which is facing him on floor) Ahh! Oww, Ace! You really got to help me out man, I really hurt my knee. (moans)



JAKE: Wow, you're actually bleeding.



AMIR: Yes, but it's-it's space blood, so it hurts extra a lot. 



JAKE: You took my wallet, right? 



AMIR: Ugh, I found your wallet, it was in the Zorlap Sky. Ugh, the gravity here is so strong.



JAKE: All right, do you want me to help you up?



AMIR: I don't normally fall. 



JAKE: Say my name and I'll help you.



AMIR: Ace, what's wrong?



JAKE: Say my real name and I'll help you.



AMIR: You're acting weird. Did somebody hit you with an amnesia gun, Ace? Please, help me up.



JAKE: Listen, Amir. You're hurt. Say my real name, and I'm going to help you. 



AMIR: Turn the camera off first.



JAKE: No.



AMIR: Turn-I don't know how to edit.  Turn it off.



JAKE: You don't have to upload it.



AMIR: I wish that were true.



JAKE: It is true. Say my name. 



AMIR: I'm in a lot of pain, Jake. Help me up. 



JAKE: Here. (goes to help Amir up)



AMIR: I can't straighten my leg...(looks at camera) Thank you, Ace. (Jake drops him) Oww!!



(blackout) 



(Jake is cleaning up the wound)



AMIR: AH! It stings! It stings!



JAKE: I barely even touched it yet! 



AMIR: You're right, Ace. I should be brave. 



(Jake applies the wipe harder)



AMIR: AHHHH--



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpgUdMO0ukw

													

														JAKE and SARAH: (Laughing)



JAKE: Oh my god...



AMIR: I'm still here.



JAKE: (sighs)



SARAH: Let's give Amir the quiz.



JAKE: No, it's just going to be depressing.



AMIR: What kind of quiz is it?



SARAH: It's a nutrition quiz, you like put in what you eat and it tells you how long you have to live.



AMIR: (laughs) Oh wow, me and Jake took a quiz once...



JAKE: No we didn't.



AMIR:...and it told us which Sex in the City's character we were.  So don't think you're special or unique.



JAKE: Okay here you go, question one.  How often do you eat vegetables?



AMIR: Ten times a day.



SARAH: Really?  Good job.



JAKE: You don't eat vegetables ten times a day.



AMIR: Oh, I thought you said how much do you eat every day and that Vegetables was your nickname for me.



SARAH: (laughs)



JAKE: No, he's being serious.  How much fruit do you eat?



AMIR: Well is barbeque sauce a fruit, cause it's red and...



SARAH: No...



AMIR: What, er...



JAKE: Kay, she's being polite.  She meant to say, "Of course it's not, obviously, you fucking retard."



AMIR: Alright, what about fries?  Er, that's a potato, er, er apples?  Or ketchup!



SARAH: Well apples, apples are a fruit.



AMIR:  Eh, okay.  Still zero then.



JAKE: Okay, I'll skip this question about vitamins because I assume you don't know what those are.



AMIR: Thank you soul mate. 



SARAH: Alright, uh, how many times do you eat fast food in a week?



AMIR: ...Sparingly.



SARAH: Oh, that's great!



JAKE: No, watch this.  Amir, what does "sparingly" mean?



AMIR: All day, every day, every hour, got a chicken nugget in my pocket gotta put it in my mouth.



SARAH: Jesus, where did that, where did that even come from?



JAKE: He just has them.



AMIR: Hey, anyway, what's it say?  How long do I got?  Sixty years?  Two hundred years?



JAKE: Stop.



AMIR: Three hundred years?



JAKE:  According to this, you should have been dead ten years ago.



AMIR: Living on borrowed time.  Pretty chill, pretty poetic.



SARAH: Yeah, no, you should watch what you eat, Amir.



AMIR: I do watch.  I watch it go...in my mouth!



JAKE: See, you don't even do that.



AMIR: Whateva.



JAKE: Will you at least pick that up?



AMIR: Five minute rule.



(edit: formatting)

													

														(Amir walks over and sits in seat)



JAKE: Wow.



AMIR: What? It's like 4:30.



JAKE: No, that's not it, you're always like seven hours late.



AMIR: Consistent.



JAKE: I'm surprised you're not fired.



AMIR: Why would I be fired?



JAKE: Do you not remember yesterday?







FLASHBACK



RICKY: (to Jake) Hey, buddy. Only 100 likes on your last article, you're slipping there.



(Jake chuckles)



AMIR: (laughing and standing up) What's that?



JAKE: Hey, Amir, come on.



AMIR: (to Jake) Hey, butt the fuck out of this. (to Ricky) What did you say to my man over here?



RICKY: We were, uh, talking about his last article. Did you read it? It's pretty good.



AMIR: Yeah, I read all of his articles.



JAKE: Alright just sit down, please.



AMIR: (to Jake) One... second. (to Ricky) When was the last time you wrote anything for CollegeHumor, man?



RICKY: Amir!



AMIR: Do you even write anymore?



RICKY: Amir, just chill out.



AMIR: Chill out. (laughs) Chill out he tells me. (slaps Ricky)



JAKE: Jesu-







AMIR: We discussed the matter in his office and resolved the issue like two mature... adults.



(Jake chuckles)







FLASHBACK



AMIR: (sobbing, on his knees, in Ricky's office) Just one more chance, I'm begging your, you can't fire me! (Amir continues sobbing)



RICKY: (while Amir is sobbing) Amir. Amir, get up. Get up, you're embarrassing yourself. Amir, I have glass walls, people can see exactly what's happening in here.



(camera pans to reveal people watching)



AMIR: (still sobbing) I don't care!



RICKY: Get up!



AMIR: (still sobbing) One more chance, (simultaneously) please, I beg you.



RICKY: (simultaneously) One more chance, sure, just get up.



AMIR: (still sobbing) Two. Two more chances, (simultaneously) and then I'm done, I swear.



RICKY: (simultaneously) Whatever, two chances, just get up! Just get up!



(Amir stands)



RICKY: Are we cool? (Amir slaps him) Ahh!



AMIR: You're a fucking pushover, you know that?



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														Amir: Jake



Jake: Yea 



Amir: (fart noise) Twinsies or whateva 



Jake: So you lost your glasses is that um I'm not gonna guess



Amir: Lasik brotha 



Jake: Do you know what Lasik means?



Amir: Yea it means you don't have to wear glasses anymore.  Ooh Amir got one right



Jake: Ok for a reason.



Amir:Yea and my reason is I dont want to look like a math nerd anymore. Whats the 

biggie fries?



Jake: How many fingers am I holding up?



Amir: 18



Jake: When have you seen 18 fingers?



Amir: 18 chicken fingers everyday, every hour



Jake: Ok you know it had to be between 1 and 5 



Amir: 5 



Jake: You know lasik is when they cut tiny flaps into your eyes to correct your vision?



Amir: O my God, yes.



Jake: Yea you know. So you also know they shoot a laser into your eye while your 

still awake



Amir: Ah God, does it hurt?



Jake: I dont know did it?



Amir: So much.



Jake: It hurt when they strapped you down and shot lasers into your eyes..



Amir: Not my eyes! My cute little eyes. They're so brown like a puppy



Jake: Ok put your glasses back on 



Amir: Fine, but you owe me a dinner.



Jake: No I don't.



Amir: Ok you're right I owe you a dinner, but you're paying.



Jake: That's me owing you a dinner, which I already said no to.  There you go (Sticks up middle finger)



Amir: One



Jake: (Thumbs up)

													

														(Jake is in a stall using the bathroom, Amir is in the next stall)



Amir: Jake!



Jake: Oh my god. Two questions: why and how?



Amir: Two answers: red and twelve.



Jake: Ok, those are two answers, just not to those questions.



Amir: I mean, what do you mean how?



Jake: How did you know it was me? I took off my shoes so you wouldn't see.



Amir: That's stupid, like I don't know your socks.



Jake: (sighs) Then I guess why.



Amir: I thought you said 'meet me in the bathroom.'



Jake: No, I told Pat that I was going to the bathroom, and I asked him to tell you not to come.



(Pat enters bathroom, rubbing his arm)



Pat: Sorry, Jake. You were right. He's a lot stronger than he looks. Wait, he's not in here, is he? (leaves)



Amir: Anywho, what's taking so long?



Jake: (grunts) Do I have to answer that? 



Amir: All I'm saying is when I do it, it comes out like a rocket. One and done. Three wipes, eh eh eh, no matter what.



Jake: God, that's disgusting.



Amir: Still smells like roses in here. Is that you?



Jake: Shut up.



(Amir rolls toilet paper to Jake's stall with 'Jake' written on it)



Amir (pops out underneath Jake's stall) Jake!



Jake: Ah!

													

														AMIR: Whoa! What color is that shirt? Tell me right now.



JAKE: I am not telling you, 'cause I know it's for that stupid log you're keeping of my clothes.



AMIR: You don't have to say anything, just tell me what color it is, please. 



JAKE: That's telling you, right?



AMIR: Purple or gray?



JAKE: I'm not saying.



AMIR: All right, I'm going to write down purple-gray; which is what I wrote down when you wore it 5 days ago! Little too soon to be wearing the same polo, isn't it, Jakey-boy?



JAKE: Don't call me that.



?VINNY: Hey Jake, do you know anyone--?



AMIR: Hey, Vinny! (eye roll) 



?VINNY: Hey, dude. Uh, do you know anybody who might be able to P.A. for me this weekend? I know it's short notice. ?



JAKE:  Yeah, I don't know, actually.?



AMIR: Yeah, I don't know either, why you're asking him and not me, because I'm the guy who gets shit done around here. ?



VINNY: Oh, do you know somebody?



AMIR: What do you need?



VINNY: Something really simple, it's like basic talking head set up, like something - somebody-?



AMIR: For sure.?



VINNY: -who can pick up a cube(?) truck-?



AMIR: Yeah, cube-?



VINNY: -load some pelican cases-



?AMIR: The cuber the better.?



VINNY: -probably like, you know, do a little bit of AC work-?



AMIR: Yes.?



VINNY: -like some pull focus-?



AMIR: I know, pull focus. They'll pull it as hard as you want.



VINNY: -little bit of racking--?



AMIR: That's fine, yeah, I have the guy, that's good.?



VINNY: Oh, cool! What's his name??



AMIR: His name is Vinny, like you, and his last name is Jake.



?JAKE: Like me.



AMIR: Like- Yes, right. Vinny Jake. ?



JAKE: So Vince, Jake, combined. ?



AMIR: Yeaahh, it's a coincivince.?



VINNY: Uhh, OK, w-what's his e-mail?



?AMIR: Uh, he'll call you, how about that? He'll fucking call you. So great. Problem solved! You can leave! ?



VINNY: OK. 



?AMIR: (with lips) Pah. Pah. Pah. Buh-bye. B-bye, roll away faster next time, when someone does you a favor, right?



JAKE: Uh, QQ.  



AMIR: Wha?



?JAKE: What does P.A. mean??



AMIR: It doesn't matter. (laughs)?



JAKE: It does matter, because you just lied to Vince.  



?AMIR: Well now he respects me.?



JAKE: OK, he respects you for 24 hours until he finds out you were lying to him. ?



AMIR: That's 24 hours longer than he'll respect you, so. 



?JAKE: OK.?



AMIR: (sigh) I don't even know why we're making a big deal of this and not talking about what type of JEANS YOU'RE WEARING RIGHT NOW!! 



THE END. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yOOqMEEhDg 

													

														AMIR: LOL, you know what I hate??



JAKE: Parks, beaches, museums . . . ?



AMIR: Paying at the pump. ?



JAKE: (sigh)



AMIR: And Americans are doing it in record numbers. ?



JAKE: OK, do you even know what that means??



AMIR: What? Like, instead of cash, you pay...you pump it, or whatever.?



JAKE: I don't know how Diana puts up with you.  



AMIR: Diana, your cousin and my fiance.?



JAKE: What?! You guys are getting married?



?AMIR: What?! What did she say to you? I'm not ready to be a dad!?



JAKE: She didn't say anything. You just said she was your fiance. ?



AMIR: Oh! (laughs) I don't know what th-I don't know what that means.  Anyway, she's coming over soon for our hot date, and we may look very tired so don't mention anything, just ignore us. ?



JAKE: OK, I usually do. 



?AMIR: OK, let me finish. We look tired because (high pitched) we were up all night. 



?JAKE: Oh.My.God.



?AMIR: (singing) All night long. 



?JAKE: Don't.



?AMIR: Jake. We were basically all night holding each other. I'm her cuddle buddy, it's stupid. 



?JAKE: I guess that's better.?



AMIR: All right, now shut the fuck up, I think I hear her! Remember, just to recap, we're in love and I don't steal coins from other people's desks. 



?JAKE: Fine. 



?AMIR: They should call me Mario, I jack so many coin-o's. 



??(Diana approaches) ?



AMIR: That's no coin-o's, that's no coin-o's. ?



JAKE: OK, now you need to shut up. ?



AMIR: Debatable--oh--?



DIANA: Hey.



?AMIR: Hey! My princess Diana, you're more alive than she'll ever be. (attempts to kiss her cheek) Still made contact, you saw that. ?



JAKE: Yeah.?



AMIR: All right, I'm going to go get changed, you guys talk amongst yourselves. ?



DIANA: OK.



?AMIR: (whispers to Jake) Be nice! 



?(Amir runs off to back of shot, begins struggling to dress)



?DIANA: Jake.



?JAKE: Jesus.



?DIANA: I need you to break up with Amir for me. ?



JAKE: What???



DIANA: He's crazy! I can't do it myself. 



?AMIR: ...OWW!!?



DIANA: Did you know that he only eats Chicken McNuggets?



?JAKE: Yeah.



?DIANA: No, I mean, only eats Chicken McNuggets. Nothing else! Not even water. ? 



JAKE: I said 'Yeah'.?



DIANA: He came to my house this weekend. ?



JAKE: OK, what's the big deal?



?DIANA: In California. How did he even get there?!?



JAKE: (sighs) I wish I knew. 



?DIANA: He's putting on that penguin suit right now, isn't he?



?JAKE: I don't know. ?



AMIR: Jake.?



JAKE: Look, I know he's weird, but look, Diana, you have to-you have to do this yourself, OK? He's sensitive. ?



DIANA: I-I can't, I'm sorry, you have to do this for me, Jake. Thanks. Lunch this weekend? (she leaves) ?



(Amir returns...quacking)? 



AMIR: Where is she? (nervous chuckle)



?JAKE: Amir...



?AMIR: What happened??



JAKE: I need to talk to you. ?



AMIR: (puts on penguin hood) What about?



??TO BE CONTINUED. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlgEfa9rS_E 

													

														(Amir returns to desk in penguin costume...quacking)? 



AMIR: Where is she? (nervous chuckle)?



JAKE: Amir...



?AMIR: What happened?



?JAKE: I need to talk to you. 



?AMIR: (puts on penguin hood) What about?



?JAKE: Diana told me something.



AMIR: If this is about me, wearing your high school retainer, I did it as a joke...wow! You don't even wear it anymore! ?



JAKE: She wants to break up with you. ?



AMIR: (chuckles)



?JAKE: Umm...



?AMIR: Why wouldn't she do it herself?



?JAKE: Sh-She probably likes you too much. 



AMIR: I can't believe this. I mean, you read plays, you see commercials, you never think it's going to happen to you.  ?



JAKE: It happens to everybody.



?AMIR: Nobody should ever outlive a relationship with somebody else, especially her.?



JAKE: I'm trying really hard to--



?AMIR: Can I be serious with you for a second? ?



JAKE: (sighs) Probably not. 



?AMIR: I thought she was the one. 



JAKE: OK, I was right.



AMIR: I'm sure she was.



JAKE: All right, what do you mean by 'the one'?



AMIR: What do you mean?



?JAKE: What is 'the one'?



?AMIR: The one, whatever. The one...well I don't know, you just say it. You just say it and the girl smiles and kisses you on the cheek...(whines) OH GOD THIS SUCKS! 



?JAKE: All right, come on, uh, dinner tonight. ?



AMIR: No.



?JAKE: McDonalds, let's go, right now!?



AMIR: I don't feel like it. 



?JAKE: (sighs) OK, well, whatever you--



?AMIR: Well which McDonalds?



??(cuts to them at McDonalds) 



(Jake feeds Amir a nugget)



?AMIR: Ugh, god, a dry McNugget, huh?! A dry McNugget! As if my day wasn't going bad!?



JAKE: I'm sorry!



?AMIR: It's fine. Ugh! Sweet and sour first! Sweet and sour first! ?



JAKE: I'm sorry. 



?AMIR: There's a difference. 



(Blackout)



AMIR: Thank you for doing this today, and every day for the rest of the year, as you promised!



JAKE: I didn't say that.



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4BoH3j6qFc

													

														AMIR: Tell me where Ace is, quick - before I destroy you.



JEFF: What is Ace?



AMIR: Oh goddamnit, just fucking sa- just say where Jake is.



JEFF: Jake is in the kitchen.



AMIR: Ooh wow. That wasn't too hard, was it Earth nerd? You're lucky this camera is on, honestly. 



Amir knocks off Jeff's headphones. He starts walking to Jake in the kitchen.



AMIR: They say you are what you eat, but in space that... but that... isn't always it... that's... ahh whatever I'm not redoing this.



AMIR: Woah, what's that? Are you sure you should be eating those space doritos?



JAKE: Yeah, they're fine.



AMIR: Ooh I don't know if they are, they might be - poison!



JAKE: What?



AMIR: Trust me Ace, let's go to: the space hospital!



Cut to the bathroom. Jake is throwing up in the toilet. 



AMIR: Oh my, what's wrong Ace? Someone poisoned you! We'll find that demon, Ace.



JAKE: What the fuck did you do, man?



AMIR: If it's the last thing I do, I'll find them. I'll find the person that made you sick.



JAKE: I don't believe you... just tell me what you put in my food cos I might need to go to the hospital and get my stomach pumped...



AMIR: There are no hospitals in the future, Ace. 



JAKE: Oh my god, this is a fucking nightmare.



AMIR: Or whatever it is we'll find it.



JAKE: I don't want this to be how I die.



Cut to Amir running across a beach, and then a golf course. The Ace and Jocelyn theme tune plays. 

Caption: EPISODE FOURamir I fixed this for you just delete this text when you're done -david



Cut to Amir on a street, setting his camera up. A man starts to run away with it. 



AMIR: OH MY GOD hey come back here with my - 



Amir is holding a camera back in the office and approaching Jake on a beanbag. 



AMIR singing: Coming in for a landing. 



AMIR: Ace. I think I figured out what the problemo was. 



JAKE: What is it? 



AMIR: Half a bottle of Visine. 



JAKE: Oh my God. 



AMIR: Oooh and then another bottle of Visine. 



JAKE: Oh man not the Visine.



AMIR: Oh God. Please. But I'm sure whoever did it feels like Shiatzu, so you don't have to make them feel any worse. Whoever it is, I'll find them, that's for sure. We're still best friends right? 



As Jake speaks, Amir talks over it in voiceover: 



AMIR: ALWAYS. 



JAKE: You have to call 911. 



AMIR: OK fine, but I must warn you: the space digits now are 916. 



JAKE: 911! 



AMIR: Fine, chill out you're such a baby.



Onscreen text reads: You still owe me for the last AJ, by the way



AMIR: She's answering. My friend is an astronaut so - 



Jake knocks the camera and phone out of Amir's hands.



JAKE: SHUT UP!



AMIR: Oh my... what the fuck is your problem? What did I do to deserve tha-



Episode Link

													

														JAKE: (on cell) Hi, mom. Yeah, I'm here now actually. Of course I'm excited, I got the keys this morning. Yeah, it's closer to him but if I let him decide where I'm going to live, he wins. I'm going in, I'll call you back. ?



AMIR: (sings a tune) Jake, by the way, you know how much I hate exercising but we are running (beat) out of toilet paper. Just looking out for your best interest. (high pitched) Best roommate ever! (slaps Jake) 

Any Hootie and the Blowfish, talked to the two dike-o's across the hall, may want to make nice with them, they did not appreciate me calling them lesbos to their face. Also, we are running, not dangerously low, but pretty low on nuugs, so you'll want to get that taken care of too. 

?What else? Uh, right, mattresses. Cancelled your queenie because it was nay bunkable and that's sort of the deal breaker for me; got us two twinsies instead.  What are your thoughts of race-car beds, I hope positive, because (high pitched) I already bought them. ? 

What else? Wi-fi situation: what does that mean? It seems really important and a lot of people are talking about it. We should probably get on that, ASAP.? 

What else, what else, what else, what else . . . oh! If you're wondering how strong the mirror is in the bathroom: not stronger than my elbow, not strong than my elbow, hoo! (laughs) You don't care. ?Oh my god, no more of those, let's celebrate. I'm going to get more. ?(flashes Jake)



?JAKE: Ughhhh?



AMIR: What else, what else, what else, what else, what else? BRB, and can you clean this for me, it's dirty as shiatsu . . . (high pitched) Thank you! 



??(Blackout)??



AMIR: Jake.?



JAKE: Oh, Jesus.



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RPD30gK3bE 

													

														(Amir sneaks up from behind on Jake and takes a picture.)



JAKE: God damn it. All right, that's your one weird picture for the month, all right? Look at me. You understand? That's it.  



AMIR: Truth or dare?



JAKE: No.



AMIR: Who would you most want to meet and... Jake. 



JAKE: If you're asking me seriously--



AMIR: Why?



JAKE: My mom's dad, because I never got to meet him-- 



AMIR: Name.



JAKE: John, his name is John.



AMIR: John, that's beautiful. Next question: what is my general interests? 



JAKE: OK, what are you even doing? 



AMIR: Why would I answer your questions, if you won't even answer mine?  



JAKE: I don't know what your interests are, what did you do last night?







(Amir addressing a crowded room)



AMIR: All right, basically everyone's here because they replied to the Craig's List ad, right?  Here's the situation. I have a best friend named Jake. How are we going to get him to admit that I'm his best friend in front of other people? You know? Taking the next step.  



GUY IN CROWD: Where's our $50? 



AMIR: (sighs) Where's our $50, where's our $50? I knew you'd bring that up! 







(back in office) 



AMIR: I don't know, chilled with some peeps. I-I met some new dudes or whatever. 



JAKE: OK, so say that, say meeting new people. Even though I know that's a lie! 



AMIR: Pshh, favorite music. (high pitched) Easy! Jake? 



JAKE: Is it easy or are you asking me? 



AMIR: It's easy because I'm asking you and we have the same tastes but you have to  spell it for me.



JAKE: OK, um, I really like Billy Joel and you spell that (they begin talking over each other) I space A-M- 



AMIR: Slow down, slow down- 



JAKE: space R-E-



AMIR: Slow down, slow down-



JAKE: T-A-R- 



AMIR: Slow down, slow down- 



JAKE (and AMIR): D-E-D.  



AMIR: That's how you spell your name.



JAKE: Uh-huh. 



AMIR: Movies, television, books. In order, go.  



JAKE: Just google it, OK? Google it.



AMIR: All right. Clicking submit. Myspace profile made. Time to meet some babe magnets. 



JAKE: That's guys. 



AMIR: Or lesbians. 



JAKE: (sighs) OK. 



AMIR: Boom! All right everybody emergency meeting. Listen up! Myspace.com/amirjake open for business, add me as a friend or you're gay.  



ROSIE: Amir! You're gay! Right, Jake? 



JAKE: (sighs)



AMIR: Nothing right?



JAKE: I'm not getting involved. 



AMIR: I'm going home. I'm going home then.



JAKE: You're not wearing any shoes.



AMIR: I know...



JAKE: OK, it's raining. 



AMIR: I SAID I KNOW! 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=riZSQnkOWDw 

													

														[Jake and Jeff Rubin are in a videogame competition, holding microphones and talking to the camera.]



JEFF: Hi, and welcome to CollegeHumor Videogames Weekly. This episode is brought to you by Stride gum. I'm your host, Jeff Rubin, and I'm here with Jake Hurwitz, at Major League Gaming, in the Meadowlands, in New Jersey!



JAKE: Yeah, and there's twenty thousand dollars up for grabs, so we're gonna go around, and talk to some gamers, and-- (looks over and sees Amir participating in the competition) --and Amir's here! (trying to hide his exasperation) What.. Amir! (Amir looks back at him.) What are you doing?



AMIR: (shrugs.) I think I'm pwahning.



JAKE: It's pwning.



AMIR: P- Pwning, yeah. Wa'eva. I'm frenchfryboy83! (points at the leaderboard)



JAKE: You're like number two on the leaderboard!



AMIR: Am I?



JEFF: How do you even find time to practice? You'e never mentioned this before.



AMIR: Well I mean, work ends at six, right? And then, we don't start again 'til nine, so that's like twenty hours.



JAKE: It's fifteen hours.



(Amir nods.)



JEFF: And you're still not accounting for sleep.



AMIR:(pointing at Jeff) Alright, Jake, what's nerdburger doing here?



JAKE: Don't call him that.



AMIR: I'm sorry, did I offend you, nerdburger?



JAKE: It's just lame.



AMIR: Nugget!



(Amir turns back around, and opens his mouth, into which Sarah stuffs two chicken nuggets.)



AMIR: (taking what he didn't bite off out of his mouth) Ugh, when I say nugget, I mean three, with ketchup in between every layer.



JAKE: Sarah??



(Sarah is lost for words.)



JAKE: What are you doing?



AMIR: You can't buy friendship like this, boys!



SARAH: He said he would give me all the money that he won, if he wins.



JAKE: (nodding) Okay.



AMIR: Nugget!



SARAH: Three. (Sarah stuffs the requested triple nugget-ketchup sandwich into Amir's mouth, then wipes ketchup from her hand onto Amir's face.)



AMIR: Agh. (with his mouth full) Jake!



JAKE: You have sauce on your face.



AMIR: (with his mouth full) Wa'eva.



END.

													

														JAKE: (Cell rings) Dad, what's up? It's late. ?



AMIR: Nope. Just me. 



JAKE: (sighs) How?



AMIR: What? I switched our names in your phonebook so that when I called, you'd pick up. 



JAKE: At least you're getting smarter. Still annoying. Smarter.



AMIR: Wow, Jakey, almost midnight, you're still awake? 



JAKE: I-uh, yeah. 



AMIR: Yeah, well, I stay up every night until 5, so. (high pitched) Whateva!



JAKE: That's not enough sleep. 



AMIR: Stupid. I'm just wearing frozen turkey meatballs on my finger because I injured it.



JAKE: OK, goodnight. 



AMIR: Wait! Aren't you going to ask why?



JAKE: Why--



AMIR: 'Cause I injured it. 



JAKE: --do you keep calling me? 



AMIR: I mean, athletes do it all the time.  What's the big deal? It's called 'Athletes do it'. 



JAKE: Bye.



AMIR: All the time.



JAKE: Hanging up. 



AMIR: Ugh, what happens when you hang up?



JAKE: You just call me back.



AMIR: Right, so.



JAKE: I could turn off my phone.



AMIR: Ugh, if you do that, then I have to get to work early tomorrow and rearrange all the folders on your computer and it takes you forever to find everything; why don't we just talk like normal people and we'll end the conversation naturally, with both of us still falling asleep but on the phone. What's the big deal?



JAKE: If you like me, if you respect me, don't you just want to be nice to me? Maybe, in time, I could learn to be your friend. 



AMIR: ...(laughs) No, I thought you were serious. 



JAKE: (places phone by head, closes eyes)?



AMIR: What do you want to talk about? Oh! I learned how to yell extra loud today. The trick is not to stop when you feel a burning sensation in your throat, ready? . . . Jake. 



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyc7Xb3fUgg

													

														[Rosie, Jake, an unkonwn woman hitherto referred to as "BLONDIE", Kunal, and Amir Cohen are sitting on a couch, watching a basketball game.]



AMIR COHEN: Is Larry Byrd still on this team? (everyone laughs)

(Amir (Bluuemfeld) bursts through the door)

AMIR: Alright, one of you, getting up right now. Redhead or blondie. We're lookin' at you, little orphan Annie!

(Amir grabs Rosie's hair and drags him) 

ROSIE: Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!

AMIR: Come on!

JAKE: What are you doing?

(Amir throws Rosie out and sits down on the couch, holding a bag of McDonalds)

AMIR: Ah, I shouldn't have to read your IMs to see where you're hanging out after work, should I? 

JAKE: No, you shouldn't.



AMIR: Whoa, Celtics, Peestons--my favesies. (now reading from a piece of paper) The Celtics practice-(indiscernible words)-on Wednesday. So that's pretty chill.



AMIR: Technical! (pointing at the screen, getting his arm in Jake's face)

JAKE: Ahh. 



AMIR: (to BLONDIE, in a patronizing tone) Sweetie, you wanna get me a beer-beer? You wanna get me a beer? Sweetheart, the boys are watching basketball.



AMIR: Does anyone want any of this? (opens Chicken McNuggets box)

KUNAL: What is it? 

AMIR: (mocking his tone) "Uhh, what is it?" It's food, you stupid sand nigger--

JAKE: Ahhh! (smacks Amir's leg) Amir!



AMIR: (to BLONDIE, in a patronizing tone) They boys are watching basketball. Wanna get me a beer? Are you tired? Is that what the issue is? Are you tired? You wanna take a nap? 



([Amir is sleeping on Jake's shoulder. Jake nudges him hard to wake him up.)

AMIR: (waking up suddenly) Ahh, what in- ahh what inning is-- (clears throat)



AMIR: What, you guys don't read SportsCenter? (reading from the same piece of paper as before) "It's good to be in this position, said Ray Allen, where I'm not gonna let it affect the re--

JAKE: (grabs the paper) What is that?

AMIR: Stop! It's a receipt! For a newspaper. 



AMIR: (loudly, making the "time out" sign to the TV) T EM UP! 



AMIR: Oh, do you guys have Jock Jams? (grabs Jake's beer and using it as a microphone) I said a boom, boom, boooom, now lemme hear ya say way-o. (holds the "mic" at the others, who don't respond)



AMIR: Nobody wants a chicken nugget. Nobody's gonna eat a single chicken nugget while I'm here, right?

AMIR COHEN: Alright I'll- I'll have one. 

AMIR: Okay, great, there's a McDonald's three blocks east of here. Go there and pay for this; I told them someone was coming back. 



AMIR: (making the "time out" sign again) OH COME ON, THAT'S A TECHNICAL! 

JAKE: [That's a] commercial!

AMIR: Technically! Yes! Is all I'm saying! Wow!



AMIR: (singing into the beer bottle) I said a boom boom booom, now let my brotha say way-o. (holds the "mic" at the others, who don't respond) Wow, you guys are terrible.



AMIR: Does anybody here have any gum? 

KUNAL: No.

AMIR COHEN: No!

AMIR: Wrong! I do. Alright? Always be thinking. Turn off the TV for a second, alright? I got ten more brain teasers for you guys. 



(Amir has his wallet out; Blondie, Kunal, and Amir Cohen are all holding cash)

AMIR: Alright, twenty dollars says this next shot not only goes in from half-court, but banks in. 

KUNAL: I'll take this one. 

AMIR COHEN: Ah, fuck. 

AMIR: (reacting to the TV) Ohh, swish from half-court! I was close! I'm down three hundred eighty dollars and I've never had this much fun. 



OUTRO:



AMIR: (singing into the "mic") Girl, yo booty is so round, Lemme lick it up and down, If I cannot be with you, Let me at least have a taste, If (fumbles lyrics), And you wanna eat my face.

(Jake breaks, then all laugh)



END.													

														(Jake walks in and sits at his desk)



Amir: Stupid.



Jake: Oh my God.



Amir: (High pitched voice) Check your IM box!



Jake: Jesus. You know what actually, why I don't I just... I'll play these out loud. 



Amir: Noooo... haha, don't. 



Jake: Maybe this will teach you a lesson.



Alex (System Voice): Jake. LOL have you ever forgotten to wipe after pooping? 



Anyway. 



Stupid. 



I learned how to French kiss this weekend. 



Man. 



Ouch. 



Jake. 



QQ, Do you know how magic works? I think my cousin is a wizard. 



Straight up. 



Jake. 



Jake. 



Jake. 



Jake. 



I'm bored. 



Jake. 



Jake. 



I'm thinking of a number between 1 and 50 Jake. 



Dinner tonight? 



Oh my god I just found out something crazy, if you want to know what it is call me. 



Jake. 



Jake. 



Oops wrong IM. 



I'll pay you twenty dollars to tickle me right now. 



Fifty dollars. 



A hundred dollars. 



Are you getting these messages? 



Twenty dollars. 



Eight dollars. 



Jake. 



LOL I lost all of my money betting on last week's episode of Lost. 



Jake. 



Jake. 



How illegal is it to sleep in a public park? 



Did you think about that tickle thing? 



You know it hurts, shattering your elbow trying to break into a car. 



Funny story. 



Stop. 



Stop this. 



This is not happening. 



Jesus. 



I have to get out of here. 



If you need me I'll be in your apartment.



Rosie: He has keys to your apartment?



Jake: Maybe, I honestly don't know.



Alex (System Voice): Also, Jake, before you come back, knock on the door, I may be naked. 



Also, P.S. That number I was thinking of was infinity.



Were you close? I bet you were.



P.P.S. P.M.S. L.O.L.

													

														AMIR (talking on cellphone): Uh yes, he's very excited to see you too.  Yeah, he'll be right downstairs. Okay, he'll see you soon, bye. 



[Amir puts down phone]



AMIR: Uhhh...I have to go...away...uh, cover for me for now.



JAKE: Cover for you?



AMIR [walking away]: Thank you.



JAKE: Do you want me to be the one to play Snood all day? Why don't I stop working? Right? It'll be just like you're here. 



[Cut to Amir waiting outside elavator holding cellphone. The elavator doors open and a woman steps out.]



AMIR: Mallory!  



MALLORY: Yes? 



AMIR: Jake's ex-girlfriend?



MALLORY: Yeah, is he here? 



[Amir laughs]



AMIR: No, I said that as a joke to get you over here. 



MALLORY: So...Jake's not coming? 



AMIR: No, Jake's not coming. I was kidding. He doesn't still love you. Get over it. 



MALLORY: There's been a misunderstanding. I need to leave. 



AMIR: Wait! You know Jake better than anyone else in the world other than me. What does one have to do to become better friends with him knowing full well that we're already best friends? 



MALLORY: If you let me leave, I'll tell you. 



AMIR: Interesting...



[Amir steps aside, allowing Mallory to re-enter the elavator.]



MALLORY: Well, Jake always wants what he can't have, so if you act really cold and really disinterested, he'll come to you. 



[Cut to Amir sitting back down at his desk, putting on his jacket hood]



AMIR [rubbing his hands together]: Whew, Is it cold? And distant in here, right? 



JAKE: Nope.



AMIR: No dinner tonight. By the way, no dinner tonight. 



JAKE: What? 



AMIR: I don't want to eat dinner with you tonight.



JAKE: You don't want to eat dinner with me tonight? 



AMIR: No...



JAKE: Not even if I go to McDonald's? 



AMIR: Ergh! The D -- Definitely not interested. 



JAKE: Okay... 



AMIR: Thanks...



JAKE: ...Fair enough.



AMIR [mouthing silently]: But no thanks.



JAKE: You don't want to get dinner? Maybe you want to go away with me this weekend? Going to Boston...chicken nugget festival. 



[Amir grimaces]



AMIR: Auuughh! Why? Why would I want to do do that? Why would I want to go to a chicken nugget festival with you? That sounds terrible.



JAKE: That's fine. We're just going to be eating french fries all day. And you know what? We're not going to be reading any books the entire weekend. 



AMIR [yelling]: Alright I'll fucking go!

													

														(Jake is shopping at J. Crew)



Amir: (Hops around Jake) Or whatever.



Jake: I'm not going to make a scene, just leave.



Amir: I'm leaving right now.  Lets just shop together for a few hours. Wow!



(Amir holds up a red polo on a hanger.  Amir is also wearing a red polo)



Amir: (Holding up a red polo, while also wearing a red polo) Jake. Gay.



Amir: (Looking through a pile of women's orange sweaters) Gay. Gay.



Jake: It's all the same women's sweater.



(Amir is randomly dancing in the middle of the store)



(Jake is looking in a mirror while trying on a shirt)



Amir: You have to think about what it would look like if both of us were wearing one.



Jake: No I don't.



Amir: (Puts his arm around Jake) Whatever.



Jake: Get off of me. It's $350 anyway I can't afford it.



Amir: So that's $900 for both of us. Let do it.



Jake: Not quite.



(Jake and Amir are in an elevator)



Amir: Security is going to be, pretty pissed.



Jake: Why?



Amir: (Pulls sandal out of sweater) Oh I dunno.



Jake: (Takes sandal and puts it on) That's mine.



Amir: Yes. But.



(Back to Jake in front of mirror)



Jake: How can you afford $900 for a jacket when I can't?



Amir: I dunno Jake, it's called calling your Dad and telling him your girlfriend is in the hospital so you have to send her a gift. I mean, you're 23 years old...



Jake: 22



Amir: (Kisses Jake on the cheek) ...figure it out.



(Jake and Amir leave the store.  Amir jumps on Jake's back. Jake drops Amir on the ground)



Amir: You owe me dinner!



http://www.jakeandamir.com/post/36964654/shopping

													

														[Jake, Rosie, Amir Cohen, and a woman are standing in Jake's apartment hallway, drinking some yellow beverage. Funkytown by Lipps Inc is playing in the background.]



WOMAN: Thanks for having me over, you guys, I'm having a blast.



JAKE: Yeah, it really just feels good to get away from work.



AMIR COHEN: What do you have to complain about? Your job's so easy.



JAKE: It's not so much the job--



WOMAN: You don't look stressed, though.



JAKE: Yeah, I'm feeling better now.



(Six loud knocks on the door are heard.)



ROSIE: Who is that?



JAKE: Oh I think Pat might be coming.



(Jake walks over to the door and opens it, finding Pat standing outside, looking despondent.)



JAKE: Cassels! What took you so long, man?



PAT: I'm so sorry.



JAKE: For...



(Amir sticks his head sideways out from behind the doorframe.)



AMIR: Jake!



JAKE: Oh, wow. (to Pat) You really need to learn how to defend yourself.



AMIR: (squeezing Pat's head agaist his own shoulder) He does! (walking inside) Is this shit BYO-Noug? Cuz I did nay! (falsetto)







[The woman is talking to Rosie in the hallway. Amir is talking to Jake by the doorway. Pat is standing next to them.]



AMIR: Jake, thoughts on leaving, right now.



JAKE: Nonexistent.



AMIR: WITH, me.



JAKE: Same answer.



AMIR: (slamming Pat's arm up against the wall) Cassels why don't you get us a drink!



PAT: What?



AMIR: I don't know, this.. yellow cranberry juice, just please! (Pat walks to get a drink) Bye! We're having a--



JAKE: (to Pat) Sorry.



AMIR: --conversation.



(Amir looks over and sees the woman and Rosie.)



AMIR: OUHHHG! That's the girl from your computerrrrrrrrr--



JAKE: SHHHH Shut up!



AMIR: Maybe she's deaf!



JAKE: She's def-initely not.



AMIR: Lemme go over there and talk to her, I think I can hook you up--royal.



JAKE: Don't.



AMIR: God. Lemme just talk to her for thirty seconds, guaranteed you guys'll be frenching by the end of the month.



JAKE: You will probably build me up... ...Go ahead.



AMIR: (exhales.) You won't regret this.



(Amir does the hop from Hop To It over to the woman and Rosie.)



AMIR: Hi. (small laugh)



WOMAN: Hello...



AMIR: Ah, don't bother flirting with me, this isn't about that.



WOMAN: Ok.. (looks relieved)



AMIR: Rosie, can you actually give us twenty, or thirty minutes, or, just leave entirely?



WOMAN: (to Rosie) Sorry...



ROSIE: (walking into another room) Good luck.



AMIR: Um, I think my friend has a little bit of a crush on you.



WOMAN: Which friend?



AMIR: Uh, the guy in the red. (points to Jake, who waves at Amir and the woman as they look over.)



WOMAN: Really?



AMIR: Yeah.



WOMAN: He's so cute.



JAKE: (quietly, to Pat) It's really working.



AMIR: You think so?



WOMAN: I do.



AMIR: I'm gonna bring him over here, and maybe you guys can talk.



WOMAN: Do it, yeah! Tell him, definitely.



AMIR: (about to call Jake over, but hesitates) Uhh, Oh! I totally forgot to tell you, he's so funny.



WOMAN: Is he?



AMIR: Yeah.



WOMAN: I love funny guys.



AMIR: (laughing) He's so nice and funny. Uh, today-- it's stupid, I'll oer--



WOMAN: No! Tell me, tell me. Omigod. (?) Yeah.



AMIR: (laughing) Today, we were looking at your Facebook profile on his computer,



WOMAN: Mmjm?



AMIR: ...and he was humping the monitor and high fiveing people and cracking up (laughs)



WOMAN: (dryly) Really, that sounds so funny.



AMIR: (laughing) You think so?



WOMAN: Yeah!..



AMIR: (laughing) Oh, lemme think of other jokes he did. Uhh he-- Oh! He printed out your face super big, and he cut a hole over the mouth, and he started humping it,--(cut to Jake and Pat)--(Amir is air humping) and then he cut a hole over the eye, and he was humping that too--



JAKE: She actually thinks I'm cute! She likes me!



AMIR: --Going around the office like a cowboy, huh? Still high fiveing people. (laughing) Oh my god..



WOMAN: That's.. awesome.



AMIR: (waving his hand in front of the woman's face) Can you see, by the way?



AMIR: Yeah! why--...



AMIR: He sad he'd fuck you blind. (laughing) It's so weird that you can still see--... (the woman looks away, disgusted) We should really go talk to him beca--



WOMAN: Yeah! We should! It'll be fun. Let's go!--



AMIR: --Hey--



WOMAN: --You want to?--



AMIR: --Ok. You want me to lead you there?-- (he holds his elbow out, and they link arms and walk over to Jake and Pat)



WOMAN: Yeah. Let's go!



AMIR: (laughing) Ha! Cuz you're blind..



WOMAN: That'd be so much fun.



(Amir holds two thumbs up and smiles largely as they walk over.)



AMIR: (to the woman, introducing her to Jake) Uh, you know my friend Jake, right?



WOMAN: Yeah, Jake! (to Jake) I can fucking see you, I'm not blind. (slaps him in the face and walks away.)



JAKE: K..



AMIR: ..Woww... That was awesome... (hugs Jake around the neck with one arm) MY BOY'S GETTIN FRENCHED TONIGHT!



END.

													

														[Amir and Rosie are sitting at a table, Rosie is eating a salad.]



AMIR: Alright it's been five minutes, c'mon let me just call him ernonono here, you text him and then I'll text him and then we'll figure ou-- you're not- so you're not even a little bit concerned, he went to the bathroom over f-- 



JAKE: (from off-screen) Hey



AMIR: aahh, hey!



(Jake enters and sits down at the table) 



JAKE: Sup.



AMIR: uh.. hahahah, Rosie was telling me a joke about how I can dunk.. it's (silly voice) nuts!



ROSIE: I wasn't



AMIR: (silly voice) It's nutso!



JAKE: Cool. I actually just took one of those shits where you don't have to wipe at all. Really cool.



ROSIE: Hah! (Amir laughs as well) Those are the best! I love those!



JAKE: Yeah, really good.



AMIR: (laughing) I love those sh- I love that shit!



JAKE: You love those?



AMIR: (laughing) hahyeah they're crazy!



JAKE: And after, after that, I pissed blue. Isn't that weird?



AMIR: (still with a large smile) Yeah. It's so.. I've done that. It's like--



JAKE: You've done that?



AMIR: Yeah, you piss and then it's like, what the?!



JAKE: Eheheh It's like whoa!



AMIR: Yeah it's like you're pouring a highlighter marker down the toilet.



JAKE: Exactly. And to-- instead of washing my hands, I just peeled the skin off of my palm (Amir is disgusted), and I just rinsed it out under the faucet, and I slid it back on like a glove.



AMIR: Yep. Like.. you slide it on like a glove, right? I was gonna say that.



JAKE: You did say that, right after I did. Tell me something crazy that happens to you.



AMIR: Uhhhh



JAKE: Talking about me, so



AMIR: Well the.. I think pissing blue counts. For the crazy thing. (clears throat)



JAKE: Something that I haven't mentioned already. Something just.. happened to you.



AMIR: D-- So no-- the glove thing, and the-- one time, I... yeah I don't know. What?



JAKE: Something.. tell me something, about you, that's crazy.



AMIR: Oh. (laughs). One time when I was a kid, I went ca--



[TEXT: Ten minutes Later]







[Jake is near tears, Rosie is huddled up into a ball, rocking back and forth with his eyes closed. Amir has a solemn look on his face.]



JAKE: (crying) Can I see it?



(Amir smacks his lips.)



END.

													

														JAKE: Twelfth floor? 



GUY: Yeah.  



AMIR: Whoa! (chuckles) That was super scary. What happened? 



JAKE: Don't-- 



AMIR: (sigh) Whoa-oh!



JAKE: Oh my god.   



INTERCOM: Hi, is everything OK? 



AMIR: We're fine!



JAKE: We're not!



AMIR: Just go back to sleep, please. 



JAKE: He's not going to go- This is his job, he doesn't sleep. 



AMIR: Why are you trying to embarrass me? 



JAKE: He can hear me through your hand . . . We're stuck in the elevator-- 



AMIR: No, we're not! 







AMIR: You know it wouldn't surprise me if we were in here for the next three weeks.  



JAKE: That would surprise me a lot, actually.



AMIR: We should play a car game to pass the time. Let's look for out of state license plates. . . . ow. 







AMIR: Is your G-chat going slow? Mine's not working.



JAKE: What are you talking about?  



AMIR: You said that earlier today. 







AMIR: God, this is like that guy who was stuck in the elevator for 40 hours, only hopefully longer . . . what are you looking at? 







AMIR: Guys, we should all get tattoos of this experience so we don't forget it, I'll get the elevator, you get this homo.  



JAKE: (whispers) Oh, dude, come on. 



AMIR: Rations!



GUY: It-It's empty.  



AMIR: (scoffs) I was hungry. Sorry. Somebody's not getting to lick the bag. 



JAKE: What are you doing?! 



AMIR: I have to go! It's been like, forever!



JAKE: It's been three minutes. 



AMIR: It's just starting to dawn on me that we might not make it out of here alive.



JAKE: (whispers) Shut up. 



AMIR: We should all call our loved ones and say good-bye. (calls Jake)



JAKE: (sighs) Yeah.



AMIR: Pick it up! 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1feature=fvwpv=ZaWDgAevbHc

													

														AMIR: Jake. (rapping) Q-Q quick question. I hope you don't mind that I mention that.



(pause)



JAKE: Mention that what?



AMIR: I don't know, you usually, like, cut me off or tell me to shut up after two lines so I don't plan my freestyles that long.



JAKE: Yeah, you don't plan freestyles.



AMIR: Yes. I. Do. What, you want me to come up with it off the top of my head?



JAKE: No.



AMIR: You know, I think we talk to each other too much.



JAKE: Yeah. I agree.



AMIR: Which is why, I've been working, like you told me to, on a secret code language that we can use. You know, just between us. That way we can talk to each other faster but just as much.



JAKE: Right, right. I told you to work on the vide-



AMIR: Anyway, let's get started. L-G-S is let's get started so if I say that, that's what I mean.



JAKE: Alright, so you sat down, you got to work, and you just, you thought of just taking the first letter-



AMIR: And it just took me ten Ms, relax.



JAKE: Even taking ten minutes to do that, though, is kinda pathetic.



AMIR: Oh, no no no. (laughs) M means day. So, it's, a little bit more convoluted than you thought.



JAKE: Yeah, oh my God.



AMIR: You mean O-M-R.



JAKE: No, I don't.



AMIR: Jake.



JAKE: Don't.



AMIR: Yeah, you're right. I shouldn't change your name, it's perfect.



JAKE: Ew.



AMIR: D-T?



JAKE: Dinner tonight?



AMIR: Yes. Yes!



JAKE: Ok, no. You know I wasn't. I would never ask you to dinner.



AMIR: (runs off and jumps, tripping on chair) Too late, you promised, I'll meet you there. Ah!



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														Amir: Sorry I'm late



Jake: Sorry you came



Amir: Ok we're both sorry so... lets cancel each other out. relax i just had to ask you a question and it couldn't wait until i came over later to surprise you



Jake: dont do that anym-



Amir: alright btw its a mental test and my cousin leron gave it to me and i failed and i told him that you'd pass because you're the smartest person I know



Jake: Just get to the question



Amir: alright. there are ten apples in a bucket and you reach in and take one out. How many apples are left in the bucket?



Jake: Nine



Amir: see I said eight. It's actually seven because the apples are so tight that when you (Jake: That's so-) grab one out two fall out



Jake: Alright That's so dumb



Amir:I know how could I not think of that. Alright



Jake: No



Amir:Follow up question



Jake: No I don't wanna hea--



Amir: you have (Jake: no-) you have ten cookies in a jar or a bucket (Jake: Fine...) and you take one 

and you grab and you take it out. How many cookies do you have left?



Jake:Did any of them fall out as a result of how tightly they were packed?



Amir: Yea exactly two



Jake: Two. okay so it sounds like the same answer. Seven



Amir: Wrong I said six. It's actually two because they're the type of cookies that look like two cookies but they're actually conjoined at the waist like the chocolate chips... I mean this is so hard how are we supposed to figure this stuff out



Jake: Do you realize how stupid you sound. It's like me saying hey would you rather have a billion dollars or the nicest apartment in New York City.



Amir: pauses and thinks A billion dollars



Jake: Okay you know what all that money was fake now you're broke and you're homeless and you 

have to live under a bridge



Amir: (stunned) ..No... (chokes up)



Jake: you see it's stupid (Amir:No) you can't change--



Amir: God



Jake: It's not a real- It didn't really happen it's a riddle and-



Amir: Why am I even homeless can't I just live in the apartment I already have?



Jake: No you got- You sold it. sold it for the answer to the riddle



Amir: Oh it wasn't even mine to sell



Jake: (laughs) It's not a real thing



Amir: (under breath: shit)



Jake: It didn't happen



Amir: I'm calling my mom, telling her her son's a fucking retard



Jake: You're not a fucking retard



Amir: Not me you idiot my brother he was supposed to teach me this stuff



Jake: Alright I'm gonna go (gets up)



Amir: Wait! Stop! (screen goes black) I have no place to live!

loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...													

														AMIR: Hey space cadets and girls, it's six thirty in the morning, which means it's time for another episode of-, hold the f-, hold the camera like I said, right? (singing) Ace and Jocelyn, Ace and Jocelyn, from space and Jocelyn, astronaut accountants and they're coming to your face, if you love that shit, say nah nah nah-nah nah nah nah nah-nah, hey! Mom, close the door! Rotate it. Rotate it, right? Anyway, uh, a lot of you guys have been complaining that there's not a lot of super villains in these episodes, which is a great complaint, which is why, today, Ace and I are gonna foil the plot of an evil scientist who's ugly and-



PAT: No, you never said that I was gonna be ugly.



AMIR: What? Argh, what are you...? 



AMIR: In this episode, Ace is gonna be confronted by an evil, hideous scientist who can't handle a camera or keep his mouth shut for the life of-



PAT: Alright, I'm leaving.



AMIR: W-w-w-w-wait, c'mon! Hey, Patrick! Patrick! C'mon! I'm gonna edit that part out!



PAT: You said you didn't know how to edit.



AMIR: I'm really sorry. I mean-



PAT: I'm sorry, too. I don't understand why you're- 



AMIR: I know. This is... I'm... this is probably so weird for someone like you, who has this, like- 



PAT: Someone... what does that even mean?



AMIR: Put on this hat and I swear everything's gonna be alright. Just, put on the hat and-



PAT: Do you have my money?



AMIR: Yes, yes, I really do, I promise. I swear to God I have your money, just, good, excellent, put on the hat and follow me, bitch.



PAT: You're sure he knows we're coming?



AMIR: Yes, or I don't know, just, can you open the door? You know- do you know your line even?



PAT: Of course I know my lines! What are we even doing?



AMIR: Will you get...?



JAKE: Is there somebody there?



AMIR: Shh, just get in there, I'll say the rest.



PAT: Alright.



JAKE: I'm gonna kill you!



AMIR: Oh my-



PAT: Oh my God!



AMIR: Ace.



JAKE: Amir?



AMIR: That was-



PAT: Oh my God!



AMIR: ... so good! Ace, I led him right to you.



JAKE: I'm so sorry.



AMIR: You would have been so proud.



JAKE: Put this on, put this on on your eye.



AMIR: Ace.



PAT: Ah!



JAKE: I'm so sorry.



AMIR: The astronaut accountants strike again!



JAKE: This is... Amir, is this... is this that stupid pilot thing that you're doing?



PAT: Guys-  



AMIR: Let me-



PAT: ... I think I'm blind! Guys, I think I'm blind.



AMIR: Justice.



JAKE: Hey, guess what? You're a double agent.



AMIR: What?



PAT: Guys, I think I'm blind.



JAKE: You're a double... you're a double agent, Ace-



AMIR: No way.



JAKE: ... or Jocelyn, or whatever the fuck your name is. 



AMIR: I would never-



PAT: Jake, take the cell phone out of my pocket.



AMIR: Ace, get the cell phone out. Don't, yet. This is so messed up, right now.



JAKE: This, this right here, this is a finger-blasting gun and it shoots invisible lasers and I'm gonna shoot you.



PAT: Guys, I think I'm blind.



AMIR: I know WHAT IT IS! JUST RELAX, ACE, PUT IT DOWN!



PAT: I already know the insurance.



JAKE: Get on your knees, right now. Get on your knees. 



AMIR: This isn't supposed to happen, not until season two.



JAKE: You have ten seconds to get out of here-



AMIR: Ace.



JAKE: ... crawling on your knees like a dog, before I shoot you in the face-



AMIR: I don't wanna do this... but I've a real knife!



AMIR: Will Ace ever come to his senses? Is Jocelyn really a double agent? 



PAT: Please, stop talking.



AMIR: Will the evil, ugly scientist shut up and let me finish? All these answers and one more next week on Ace and Jocelyn, astronaut accountants from outer space. 

													

														[Jake and Amir are sitting at a booth in a restaurant. Amir is filming, holding the camera up to the mirror on the wall, then he points it at Jake.]



AMIR: I mean, are you really going to tell me that you'd rather be at the Yankee's game right now?



JAKE: No, telling you would mean I have to talk to you, so no, I'm not going to tell you anything.



AMIR: (panning to the piece of pizza in front of Jake) I mean, I paid for half of that slice, so I don't even know why you're even--



JAKE: Well I paid for both of yours.



AMIR: Okay, wow. (turns the camera to show he is wearing a Yankees hat) You're really going to be that petty about this, aren't you?



JAKE: Yeah I guess so, I guess so.



AMIR: Alright. I'm gonna leave. (starts to get up)



JAKE: Be my guest, please.



AMIR: (sits back down) Alright, fine, I'll stay.







[30 Minutes Earlier]



[Amir has the camera on himself, again showing off his hat. He turns it toward Jake, as they walk away from the stadium.]



AMIR: I know why you're pissed at me.



JAKE: Cuz you ruined the game for me.



AMIR: No, because you bought me this.. (shows his hat to the camera again) and we weren't even able to enjoy most of the game together.



JAKE: I didn't buy you that fucking hat!



AMIR: Okay! Relax, you took money, and you bought it for me, I mean, what's the big--



JAKE: I didn't even do that!



AMIR: Ok, com'e on, compromise, right? Meet me in the middle, and then--



JAKE: Nope. Just stop talking, actually. That's good.



AMIR: Alright. I'm gonna stop talking, IF you talk to me for the rest of the day, AND, you talk to me on Thursday, Friday--



JAKE: How about I just walk home and you take the subway by yourself? (walks away)



AMIR: Awuwuwuwait okokokokok. (catches up with Jake) Come on. I won't say anything. Thanks for the hat, and that's it, or whatever.







[5 Minutes Earlier]



[Jake is walking through a crowd with his hands on his head, Amir runs up to him from behind.]



AMIR: Jake! Thank god I found you! That was EPIC! (falsetto)



JAKE: Aight look, I don't think I should be seen with you, just in case they're still looking for you, alright? Nothing personal, just get the fuck away--



AMIR: Aight. Good call, we'll split up, we'll cover more ground.



JAKE: Sure.



AMIR: Thanks for the hat. BUT, if we stay together, they won't expect it, and maybe, Ill vote for that option because, I don't wanna be not near you right now, so. Just a--.. (high-pitched voice) Just a tought! Just a tought! (he pronounces a th sound as a t sound in his high-pitched voice)







[20 Minutes Earlier]



[Jake and Amir are sitting in the grandstands in the stadium. Amir points the camera back at himself and Jake as he talks.]



AMIR: Alright, we're here at Yankee Stadium, Jake got me this hat (points at his hat),--



JAKE: Nope.



AMIR: --and we're best friends, right? Would you agree with that?



JAKE: No I wouldn't.



AMIR: I bought-- heh. I bought the tickets, so. What would you--



JAKE: I said I'd take a picture, I didn't say anything about saying we were best friends. Now MOVE the camera.



AMIR: Fine.



(* Amir pans the camera back around toward the field, and then at the woman sitting in the seat next to him. He taps her on the shoulder.*)



AMIR: Excuse me? Hi. Uh, can you take a photo of myself and my friend?



WOMAN: Sure. (she takes the camera, and Amir poses next to Jake.) Um..



AMIR: Get out hats. (laughs)



WOMAN: ..Ok, but this is still in video mode.



AMIR: (laughs) Ok, figure it out. Don't be an idiot, right?



WOMAN: E-excuse me?



AMIR: Excuse me, yeah, excuse me I'd give the camera to such an idiot (grabs the camera)



WOMAN: Hey! Hey! Lemme go!



AMIR: C'mon, Jake, hit her!



END.







OUTRO:



[Jake and Amir are walking around inside the stadium where the shops are.]



AMIR: Jake, who's your favorite Yankee and why.. don't you want to sleep over to- (sees a shop that sells hats) Ohh my god. Hey look, dude hey! Come here. Hats, dude. Come buy me one, or stand here while I buy one, so it'll look you--

													

														Jake and Amir sit across from each other at their desks. Amir is playing with open scissors in his hair.



Amir: Jake. Have I asked you my one question today-



Jake cuts in before Amir is done.



Jake: Just ask it.



Amir: E equals M C two. What's that about? 



Amir cuts his hair with scissors.



Amir: Ah. Did you see that?



Jake: No, do it again.



Amir: I was like scratching my head, right? And then I just went like-



Amir cuts his hair again.



Amir: -like that. Look, look at this.



Jake looks amused.



Jake: Yeah. Not bad.



Amir: I didn't know scissors could cut hair. What should I do?



Jake: Um, I guess even it out. 



Jake grabs the front of his hair.



Jake: I think you just have to take that front chunk.



Amir mirrors Jake's demonstration.



Amir: This?



Jake: Take the front chunk. Sarah come here.



Sarah comes over.



Jake: And uh, you just have to even it out, just take it all.



Sarah: Did he cut his hair with that scissors thing-



Jake: Scratching thing.



Sarah: -scratching thing.



Amir: I'm gonna cut just a little.



Jake: No I think you, it's really uneven. You gotta go-



Sarah: Farther down.



Jake: Yeah.



Amir: This is a lot.



Jake: Yeah, it's not as much as you think it is.



Sarah: It's gonna look good.



Amir looks at Jake.



Amir: I trust you.



Jake: I know.



Amir cuts the large chunk in the front of his head that Jake told him to.



Amir: It's so tough.



Jake and Sarah smile.



Jake: Just work through it.



Sarah: It's gonna look-



Jake: It's gonna look ace!



Sarah: -yeah, it looks great.



Amir holds up the chunk of hair he cut off, looking worried.



Jake: There you go.



Amir: This seems like a lot.



Jake: It's not that much. It's honestly not as much as you think.



Amir cuts more off.



Jake: There you go.



Amir: I mean, look at this.



Jake looks at Sarah.



Jake: Girls are really gonna like that, right?



Sarah: I, I love it.



Amir looks at Sarah.



Amir: I don't care what you think. I care-



Amir points the scissors at Jake.



Amir: -right? 



Jake: I think-



Amir: I have one best friend. It feels like a little too short to me, but I'm gonna keep doing it because I respect you and know that you wouldn't knowingly hurt me. Just like I've never knowingly hurt you.



Jake and Sarah pause.



Amir keeps cutting.



Jake: Amir...get the back.



Amir: Done! Boom.



THE END.



EPISODE LINK

													

														[Jake drags Amir into a conference room, pushes him against the wall, and then down into a chair. He shuts the door.]



AMIR: God. Stop hugging me from behind. People will start talking about that.



JAKE: Shut up.



AMIR: Or.. (quietly) ok



JAKE: What just happened?



AMIR: Um, why should I answer your questions if you never answer any of the questions (JAKE: Ok, fine) that I, let me finish (JAKE: No), ask you.



JAKE: Ok let's do this: I ask a question, you ask a question, we can trade off.



AMIR: Fine, I'll go first...



JAKE: Okay



AMIR: ......do you wanna go first?



JAKE: Yes. Why did you just do that to Rosie?



AMIR: I don't know, you were just like hey, you look like shit, which I agreed with.



JAKE: Okay?



AMIR: And then he started laughing, not taking you seriously. Nobody doesn't take you seriously, not even you, so, I don't know, I lost it, I'm sorry, what color shirt are you wearing tomorrow.



JAKE: I don't know, probably grey.



AMIR: Probably? Cool. Conversation ovah--(stars to get up)



JAKE: Ok fine, it's grey it's grey! (Amir sits back down) It's gonna be grey! (sighs) Do you feel like what you just did was at all inappropriate, s- for work?



AMIR: (mocking Jake's stutter) No, uhh-I don't, uhh-I'm sorry, i-is it a crew neck, o-or a ringer shirt?



JAKE: It's- (puts his hand to his forehead in exasperation) a crew neck.



AMIR: AH that is sick. That is so chill (JAKE: Stop.), a crew neck grey, I never though to do that... it's--



JAKE: Shut up. Just shut up.



AMIR: ...phat as hell.



JAKE: Now that it's all said and done, do you feel at all sorry for what you did, keeping in mind he was crying when they took him to the hospital?



(Amir says nothing, zoned out)



JAKE: Amir.



AMIR: Oh. I dunno. (laughs). I was thinking- (high-pitched voice) I was tinking about ya chill shirt! I was tinking about ya chill shirt! (normal voice) Uh I don't care about Rosie I hope he dies in the hospital.



JAKE: Oh my god--



AMIR: Does it have.. red writing on it? Like little red.. is it a little red riding hoodie? Or is it--..



JAKE: Yeah it has writing on it. (sigh). Do you think there's any way in the future we can try to control your outbursts? Anything we can do at all?



AMIR: No. Is it the ATT shirt?



JAKE: Yeah it's the ATT shirt. (gets up from the table)



AMIR: Oooh that one is chill as shit!



JAKE: You know you could have just asked me from the beginning what exact shirt I was gonna wear tomorrow? (opens the door and walks out, leaving Amir in the room by himself)



(Amir has a look on his face like he's about to sarcastically retort, but then it changes to a look of realization of defeat.)



END.

													

														Jake: Woah. Did you get this email?



Amir: Hmm?



Jake: Did you get this email?



Amir: No, I didn't, I didn't even bring my computer in today, honestly.



Jake: Where were you 4th of July weekend?



Amir: Uh, I went to... I went to the home, to my home. I went home 4th of July weekend.



Jake: You went home?



Amir: Yeah. It was crazy!



Jake: OK. Are you sure you went home 4th of July weekend?



Amir: Was that a Tuesday?



Jake: It was a weekend. Friday.



Amir: I went home.



Jake: Just so you know this email is a surveillance video that security took because they want to know who this was staying in 

the office all weekend. And you were home this weekend?



Amir: I was at my... home...



Jake: Come over here and watch this video with me.



Amir: OK, good. I want to know what happened in the office cause I was at, I was at home.



(Jake points at the video playing on his monitor)



Jake: Alright, so that's not you dancing?



Amir: Ah, wow, no. That looks like me though, so I can see... I'm not offended because that guy's handsome and so am I. But, 

holy... that was awesome, or I was ... that is... that is an awesome dance, whoever that is.



Jake: Alright, how about...this is... who's this in a penguin costume saying Jake over and over again?



Amir: I can see... honestly I can see why you would think it was me.



Jake: Yeah.



Amir: It's logical to think that.



Jake: Uh-huh.



Amir: It wasn't... though.



Jake: OK. How about when this guy comes right up to the camera?



Tape Amir: Du-du-du-du-du-du... yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, one second, one second, hey, hey security, hey, it's Amir.



Amir: See that could be any Amir. He just said Amir.



Tape Amir: It's Amir Blumenfeld, specifically.



Amir: That? Oh, that is me, but... I think that wasn't 4th of...



Tape Amir: And it's the 4th of July weekend and I'm...



Amir: You know, this is... that is my house.



Tape Amir: And I'm in the office. I ain't at home bitches!



Amir: I was here.



Jake: Just go.



Amir: Yeah, OK.

													

														Amir: Jake.



Jake: What?



Amir (while pretending to drink): What was the movie you were talking about... (He upturns his empty cup and acts shocked)

 Jake. Jake jajajake!



Jake: What?! Yeah, an empty cup, okay.



Amir: Well you didn't--Did you see me drink from it earlier?



Jake: No.



Amir: I can't stay mad at you. (In a high pitched voice) I can't stay mad at you. You're the one bright spot. In my otherwise dismal life. You're the one bright spot in my otherwise dismal life.



Jake: Just cause you say it in a goofy voice doesn't make it normal.



Amir: I know. You're my reason for reason.



Jake: Oh God.



Amir: The step in my shoe.



Jake: Now you're quoting Rob Thomas. Get over here.



Amir: Rob Thomas featuring Santana.



Jake: I don't want you to say stuff like that to me.



Amir: Sup! 



Jake: I don't want you to say stuff like--



(Amir tries to tickle Jake)



Jake: Don't tickle me. DON'T TICKLE ME AMIR! I DON'T WANT YOU TO TICKLE ME AT WORK ANYMORE!



CALDWELL, JAKE! I WANT AMIR TO STOP TICKLING ME AT WORK!



Amir (tries to cut him off): Best friends!



Jake: Okay, so. Don't tickle me, and don't quote Rob Thomas at me--



Amir: Santana



Jake: Or say that I'm the one bright spot in your otherwise dismal life.



Amir: NORMAL life.



Jake: Okay? Cause you're being a FUCKING weirdo.



Amir: I know! I just have to go home now. Because I have a headache. My head and my heart! My head and my heart hurt. So...



Jake: All right, bye. Go.



Caldwell/Jake: Jake. That was really mean! Yeah, he really looked up to you.



Jake: You don't understand. He's already forgotten it even happened.



Amir: Sup! Jake. What was the name of the--



(Tries cup trick again, cup is full of water)



Ohh, Shhhaaah.

													

														AMIR: Alright Jake, ultimate soul mate test RIGHT NOW. Think of a number 1 through ten. Is this it?



JAKE: No, my number wasn't a Q.



AMIR: Is this it?



JAKE: I don't know, that one's facing you.



AMIR: Same card, right?



JAKE: Same answer, right?



AMIR: I don't know, I mean. Listen, there's like fifty-two in here, you wanna just breeze by them three at a time?



JAKE: I'd rather... I... Just answer your phone, how 'bout... that's... infuriating.



AMIR: It's probably my gay-ass mom. Jake. 



JAKE: Answer it.



AMIR: What? She says hi.



JAKE: Hey.



AMIR: Not to you. She says "Who are you talking to?"



JAKE: Well, then just talk.



AMIR: Not to you, right?



JAKE: OK.



AMIR: I know it's dad's birthday. Argh, I already called him. Like, I don't know, last year, what does it matter when? (drops phone) Oh, shh... hello? Yes. OK. Fine! Don't you wanna see how's Jake doing? "Who is Jake"? Who are you.



JAKE: What was that?



AMIR: I don't know, it's like every fucking year around this time she's like "Call your dad, it's his birthday, this might be his last birthday" and it's like "don't you have a job?"



JAKE: Does she?



AMIR: Yes, she's a registered nurse. And my dad is like this toolbox-extraordinaire, it pains me to call him.



JAKE: What does that even mean?



AMIR: Alright, perfect example. Last day of college, right? He comes to pick me up in a U-haul. Right of the bat, that's fucking nutso. But this guy honks the horn to get my attention. I freaked. I mean, tell me you understand.



JAKE: If that's, I mean, if that's a classic example, I would say--



AMIR: He's a paediatrician, which sounds like "Ooh, cool, you're a doctor". But, yeah, a doctor for kids.



JAKE: That's really... that's a really noble profession. 



AMIR: I know, it's so noble, it's like



JAKE: You don't know, 'cause noble's a good thing.



AMIR: I know that now. Jake, do you ever wonder how on your first day you chose to sit at that desk instead of that one?



JAKE: Yeah, I think about it--



AMIR: Is this your number?

													

														JJKAE: He says copy-edit this these aren't even fucking words...



AMIR: Oh my god do you want to see something insane-o that I just realized? Today is July twenty-second right? Which is seven twenty-two, and it's seven twenty-two, and I'm twenty-two, and you're twenty-two over seven years old and I live on seventh avenue two-twenty-seventh-



Cut.



AMIR: Can I ask you a personal question?



JAKE: What answer could I possibly say?



AMIR: I think I have a crush on someone in the office.



JAKE: Okay...



AMIR: yelling Shut up lowering voice right? She might hear you-



Cut.



AMIR: I just want to know if you have any tips to you know... French kiss her.



JAKE: Do you even know what that means?



AMIR: French kiss: short for friendship kiss, which is what the eskimos do all the time. to Jake's shoulder Bonjour!



JAKE: recoiling Well I don't have any tips for you.



Cut.



AMIR: I know what you're trying to do. You're worried that if I have a girlfriend, then I won't hang out with you all the time, right?



JAKE: Okay, here's what you do: you're going to go out there, confidently, compliment her, ask her out, just don't be you.



AMIR: You think Hallie will like that?



JAKE: It's Hallie?



AMIR: Yeah.



JAKE: Ah... I don't know. Um, forget it. I don't think you should ask her out. I thought you- I thought you were talking about somebody else. 



Cut.



JAKE: She's not right for you. Hallie's crazy. She takes drugs.



AMIR: Are you ser- Oh okay, I get it.



Cut.



Jake: You do?



AMIR: Yeah, and I like it. You're trying to be like, okay, be a little distant, right? Coy, and she'll come and like she'll sort of come after you, right? 



Cut.



AMIR: That's actually a good move, because I don't think she'll be able to ignore my Casa Nova skills-o.



JAKE: Yeah... actually, you know what? I think you should go for it. Just go ask her out, be yourself. 



AMIR: Wish me luck. 



JAKE: Good luck.



AMIR: yelling Not good luck! Just luck, right? You're going to jinx it.

JAKE: Sorry.



Patrick enters.



PATRICK: Jake, you're going to let Amir talk to your girlfriend like that?



JAKE: She's not my girlfriend anymore.



Cut to Hallie's desk.



AMIR: Hallie! Hi! laughs



HALLIE: Hi amir.



AMIR: How are you doing? Can I ask you a question?



Cut to Patrick and Jake.



PATRICK: That seven twenty-two thing was weird though. Right? 

													

														PATRICK: Jake, you're going to let Amir talk to your girlfriend like that?



JAKE: She's not my girlfriend anymore.



Cut to Hallie's desk.



AMIR: Hallie! Hi! laughs



HALLIE: Hi amir.



AMIR: How are you doing? Can I ask you a question? Who would win in a fight?



HALLIE: Between who?



AMIR: Answer my question first.



HALLIE: I can't.



AMIR: laughs I'm just joking. I think Jake needs to give me a gift right now so let me talk to you later



HALLIE: Okay, that's fine.



AMIR: Don't ask me to choose between him and you right off the bat, okay? 'cause that is a battle you're not going to win BRB.



Cut to Patrick and Jake. Amir enters.



AMIR: Lesbo guys. Definitely. Should have know. Did you see her shoes?



JAKE: Her shoes are normal.



AMIR: Okay. Exactly. 



JAKE: Alright. You know, just keep talking to her okay? It's working. Just talk to her like you talk to me, right Pat?



PATRICK: Amir, remember when you made Jake punch me?



AMIR: Yeah... I don't need that type of negativity right now, okay? Come on. grunts Wish me luck boys.



JAKE: Good luck. 



Cut to Hallie's desk.



AMIR: Hey baby. 



HALLIE: Baby?



AMIR: Hallie. I like your hair. 



HALLIE: Thank you.



AMIR: Is it brown?



HALLIE: Yeah!



AMIR: I know... Uh... I have a secret.



HALLIE: Okay. What is it?



AMIR: It's stupid. It's not even worth saying.



HALLIE: No! What is it?



AMIR: It's just that I think you're pretty.



HALLIE: Thank you.



Cut to Patrick and Jake.



JAKE: Okay, I think she's actually laughing at him.



PATRICK: Have you ever heard like a piece of your orbital bone or something like break off and maybe float towards your cornea-



JAKE: I'm trying to listen. Hold on.



PATRICK: It's just that I don't have health insurance and it's still kind of blurry-



Cut to Hallie's desk.



AMIR: Do you want to get ice cream some times? Er, some time with me? Or not- or not, sometimes ice cream's stupid-



HALLIE: No! I'd like that!



AMIR: Really?



HALLIE: Yeah-



Cut to Patrick and Jake.



JAKE: Oh my God, did she just say yes?



PATRICK: I'm not sure, because there's a ringing in my ear. Remember the punch?



JAKE: Yeah, the punch.. Okay shut up. Just shut up about that. Alright? Can you hear this? Shut up, shut up Pat.



PATRICK: Yes, I heard that. 



Cut to Hallie's desk.



HALLIE: I have a secret too, actually.



AMIR: What is it? Is it about the ice cream being not real-



HALLIE: No! I just- I just think you're really pretty. Pretty funny.



AMIR: laughs Stupid- Bye!



HALLIE: Bye.



AMIR: yelling Jake I'm def getting laid tonight!

													

														Jake: How was your date?



Amir: You tell me.



Jake: I can't, you tell me.



Amir: Well I'm wearing this aren't tie?



Amir gestures to his tie



Jake: Is that what you wore last night?



Amir: What's that?



Jake: Is that what you wore last night.



Amir: Sigh Let's just say... no.



Jake: Ok, I'm just going to ask Hallie.



Jake moves next to Hallie, while Amir runs to Jake's computer.



Jake: Sup!



Hallie: Hey...



Jake: If you're doing this to get back at me, squeaky voice Tis nay working! Tis nay working! So...



Sarah slides next to Amir.



Sarah: Amir, stop. He didn't google your name today.



Amir: Laughs Oh no, I'm just checking dinner reservations for tonight, my internet's down.



Sarah: Oh yeah, that right, how was your big date?



Amir: Uh, it was really awesome.



Camera to Jake and Hallie.



Jake: QQ, did you fuck him, straight up.



Hallie: Jake-



Jake grabs Hallie's hands and smells them.



Jake: They smell like chicken nuggets, you slut.



Hallie: Can you just get away from me?



Jake: Oh wow! Yeah, I'll get away from you, right away, if-



Hallie: Leave.



Camera to Amir and Sarah



Sarah: Wow, so you like really like her.



Amir: Uh, yeah, no, I mean I guess so-



Jake: Excuse me, Sarah, Get the fuck away from my computer right now. Amir, Bye-



Amir: Let me just finish-



Jake: Bye, bye



Amir: Let me just finish this and then



Jake: Fine



Amir: One second, alright.



Jake moves to Amir's chair



Jake: Amir.



Amir: What.



Jake: Dinner tonight.



Amir: Uh, no I can't I'm going-



Jake: Go to the D's!



Amir: No, I'm going to-



Jake: Go to the D's!



Amir: A different restaurant with Hallie. We're going on a date.



Jake: Alright, yeah. Wanna playa Snoode on your computerdori? Play a little Snoode sauce? Can I play some Snoode sauce? Play a little snoode sauce?



Amir: Shut up!



THE END

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkdDeHcK0s4

													

														JAKE: running toward a park bench singing Ace and Jocelyn, Ace and Jocelyn, from space or whatver, astronaut accountants nah nah nah stops singing Hallie, Jocelyn, sorry to interrupt your date or whatever the fuck you think this thing is, but I have reason to believe that Hallie is actually an alien from a rival accounting agency across the galaxy.



AMIR: laughs What are you talking about?



JAKE: Don't tell me she's already used her amnesia ray on you, that stupid wench.



AMIR: Let's- let's talk about this later.



JAKE: 'fraid not, Jocelyn; time is of the essence.



AMIR: Let me talk to A- Jake for a second, uh, I'll be right back.



JAKE and AMIR walk away from the park bench



AMIR: Hey, uh, I appreciate what you're doing, but you have to be completely honest with me right now: are you only doing this, alright, because you're a hundred percent sure that she actually is a rival account from a different agency, because if she is I will fucking lose it on this bitch. Do you understand me? I will go apeshit for you.



JAKE: Alright, listen. Straight up-



cut to the bench



AMIR: laughs Sorry about that, he was acting weird.



HALLIE: Why do you have a camera?



AMIR: Uh, why are- why have you lied to me?



HALLIE: About what?



AMIR: About what?, how about the fact that you're a rival agent from a different agency, god dammit I trusted you! I don't ever want to see your face again. You're lucky I don't blow it to Zorlap and back, you understand me? Leave, and never come back! Let's hit it, Ace!



JAKE and AMIR run away together



JAKE: Ace!



AMIR: and Jocelyn!



JAKE: Ace!



AMIR: and Jocelyn! Ace and Jocelyn! Astronaut accountants and they're coming to your face! singing If you love that shit say nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah hey-!



cut to street, clip of Eminem's Without Me plays



AMIR: Hey, dinner tonight?



JAKE: Ooh, what are you thinking? The Dees?



AMIR: Hell yeah!



they laugh



JAKE: Uh, no. I don't want that. Do nay want that, so-



AMIR: Okay.



JAKE: Later!



AMIR: I'll just- I have to edit this anyway, so it's stupid for us to wanna do-

													

														AMIR: SUP?! Do you know what the date is today?



JAKE: It's August 5th.



AMIR: August 5th. Ugh, I guess I don't know anyone whose birthday it is today so I'll talk to you later. 



JAKE: OK.



AMIR: Waitwaitwait-I'm just kidding. It's...Nile...Armstrang...



JAKE: Neil Armstrong.



AMIR: Birthd- 



JAKE: Yeah, the astronaut.



AMIR: -Astronautty as hell, so, anybody else's birthday is today?



JAKE: Today is my birthday.



AMIR: Ah-Ah-Ah! I didn't hear that, I didn't say anything so-lalala-I'm not planning your party so don't be surprised. 



JAKE: Don't be-don't be surprised?



AMIR: One second. (goes to Sarah) Sarah, hey-ah, sorry-ae, throwing-ae Jake-ae a birthday-ae surprise party-ae tonight at a McDonalds just ya-(high pitched) yay or nay? 



SARAH: I mean, do you think that's pig latin?  



AMIR: Yeah.



SARAH: OK, well, still no, I still can't go out tonight, sorry. 



AMIR: OK. Jake always hated you. 







(goes to Pat)



AMIR: Right off the bat I think you're a piece of shit and I don't respect you but Jake might want you at his surprise party so if you want to go, figure out where it is and you can attend. OK? 



PAT: I can't, Amir. I have to take my cat to the vet. 



AMIR: OK, good. I hope you both die, so...



PAT: You hope my cat and my vet die?



AMIR: No, I hope you and your vet dies. (leaves)







(approaches Rosie)



AMIR: Surprise party for Jake tonight?



ROSIE: I can't go, sorry.



(Amir makes to punch Rosie, Rosie flinches) 



ROSIE: AH! 







(Jake approaches Sarah) 



JAKE: Hey, Sarah, you coming to my 'surprise' party? (chuckles)



SARAH: (chuckles) Oh, uh, no, I'm actually busy tonight, so...



JAKE: You want to do something else? Drinks?



SARAH: Uh-no. 



JAKE: OK, maybe later? 



SARAH: Probably not. 



JAKE: So you're saying there's a chance! 



(they both chuckle faintly)



JAKE: All right, bye. 







(Amir is standing next to a girl at her computer)



AMIR: Surprise  party tonight?



GIRL: I'm not allowed to leave the office.



AMIR: I don't even know your name, so...







(Amir standing next to a different girl)



GIRL 2: I can't, I'm sorry. 



AMIR: Jake always thought you smelled like shit. 







(Amir is now by Jeff's desk) 



JEFF: No.



AMIR: OK, I didn't even ask you. 



JEFF: Yes, you did. 



AMIR: Yes, but, I take it back. 







(Jake approaches Pat)



JAKE: Yo! Birthday drinks tonight?



PAT: Oh, um, I can't, I'm busy, I'm sorry. 



JAKE: ...you're not still pissed abou--



PAT: No, NO! I just, I just can't do that, I'm sorry. 



JAKE: All right, cool, well I'm going to go. If I'm not back in 5 minutes, just wait longer! ...but I am probably just going to go, so...







(makes to approach Hallie but walks on) 



JAKE: Somebody stop me!







(Jake enters elevator and Amir follows)



AMIR: Hey! Where are you going?



JAKE: (deflated) Home. 



AMIR: OK, uh, just because nobody likes us doesn't mean we shouldn't go out strong tonight.



JAKE: All right. 



AMIR: Hey, listen to me. Tonight is going to be - CRA-ZAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY!!!



TO BE CONTINUED. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hni181iYLcA 

													

														AMIR: OK, uh, just because nobody likes us doesn't mean we shouldn't go out strong tonight.



JAKE: All right.



AMIR: Hey, listen to me. Tonight is going to be - CRA-ZAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY!!!







(They are in Jake's apartment)



AMIR: AAAAAYYYYYYY--



JAKE: Stop!



AMIR: Question. You haven't had a single McNugget yet.



JAKE: Yes, I have. 



AMIR: Let me finish! Why? 







AMIR: Somebody sauce me! Right now. 



JAKE: OK, can I have my phone?



AMIR: Nah, you are good. (high pitched) Tonight is about sans phone.



JAKE: (sing-song) Sans phone. Sans phone. 



AMIR: Tonight is sans phone, yeah. 







AMIR: Let me guess, you're sad. You know what? People at work suck shit. My birthday sucked and you don't see me crying about it. 



JAKE: Yeah, you're crying about it right now.



AMIR: (whining) Well it was depressing as hell, I was all alone! 







(party going on elsewhere)



GUY: Yo, where's Jake?



PAT: No idea, I called him like a dozen times. 



GUY: Oh, I think he's with Amir actually.



GIRL: Did you even invite Amir?



PAT: No, Jake hates Amir. Straight to voicemail. 







(back to Amir and Jake) 



AMIR: Who dat sick-ass dude with that fly ass gift? Who dat sick-ass dude with that fly ass gift?



JAKE: What is it?



AMIR: It's uh, whatever. It's, uh, anything you want it to be. 



JAKE: It's a condom holder.



AMIR: Boom. So.



JAKE: I didn't want it to be that. 



AMIR: OK, well why'd you put a comdon in it?



JAKE: Can I just have my phone, actually?



AMIR: Ah, come on. Why-



JAKE: Oh my god! Seventeen missed calls. 



AMIR: Seventeen?



JAKE: Ten text messages. 



AMIR: Proba-Those are all for me. 



JAKE: Nope. It's Pat. He says that everyone is at Cullen's.



AMIR: Heehee, yeah right. Pat's at the vet. He's probably just still trying to fuck with you. All right? Honestly, honestly, honestly, honestly-



JAKE: Honestly what?



AMIR: Hones-



JAKE: What?



AMIR: I'm going to kill him. 



JAKE: OK.



AMIR: Straight up.



JAKE: Straight up, I'm going to go to Cullen's. 



AMIR: Aye-waitwaitwaitwaitwaitwait-wait for me then. Let me just take a super-super-quick power nap. Super tired from all this pre-gaming. (high pitched) Supah tired from all this pre-gaming! Honestly...Jake. 



TO BE CONTINUED.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4spf6qNVX9Y

													

														JAKE: It's Pat. He says everybody is at Cullen's. I'm going to go to Cullen's. 



AMIR: OK, wai-wai-wai-wai-wai-wait for me then. (at party) All right, listen, 5 minutes, and then we're peacing out of here, OK? We have laser tag reservations and my cousin, Leron, is expecting us.  



JAKE: OK, just relax.



AMIR: OK, I'm going to relax, just remember these people don't like us. 



(they go out to the porch)



EVERYONE: SURPRISE!!! (cheering) 



JAKE: (to Amir) Hey! Were you in on this? 



AMIR: No. I would never deceive you like that, OK? You call these people your friends? Honestly, honestly, honest-



JAKE: OK, stop. 



AMIR: Can I have a word with you in private, please? 



(Amir and Jake are now in the bathroom)



AMIR: All right, we need to talk in private. 



JAKE: This is- We're in the bathroom, OK? There's no more private space.



(Amir and Jake are now standing in the shower)



AMIR: Two hours ago, all these people were busy, right? Now they're all here having a party? Ooo...surprise surprise, right? 



JAKE: Exactly, surprise. 



AMIR: Yes, I- All right, this is a waste of time.



JAKE: Yeah.



AMIR: We should be discussing how the hell we're going to get out of this fucking hell-hole. 



JAKE: No, we should talking about how you're going to get the hell out of here, OK? All these people here that you hate? They're actually my friends, and they don't like you. 



AMIR: OK. Fine. You're right. Uhh, happy birthday. I'm going to go home. Or uh, to the dentist. I-I live-I live with a dentist, so I'm just going to go home. 



JAKE: (sighs) Just wait here for 30 seconds, OK? 



AMIR: Whoa, there's an Iceland?



(30 seconds later) 

(Amir walks out onto porch where everyone is)



EVERYONE: (far less enthusiastically) Surprise...whatever. 



AMIR: What?! But it's-wait- it's not even my birthday! 



JAKE: That's the surprise. 



AMIR: So everyone is here just for me?! 



JAKE: Yup. 



AMIR: So I can whatever, like, I want? 



JAKE: Well I made--



AMIR: All right, everybody, GET THE FU--



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7C4r3Vq5h4

													

														(Jake gets up from desk)



AMIR: Where are you going?



JAKE: I'm going to talk to Dan about a script I wrote.



AMIR: (getting up) Alright, I'm coming with you because I rewrote it and then I sent it off to him. Follow my lead, and never don't follow my lead.







(Dan, Jake, and Amir are sitting at table)



DAN: Cool, Caveman Frat Party. Uh, honestly, right off the bat, I like it, it's good.



AMIR: Honestly, right off the bat, no shit.



DAN: Uh... Ok.







DAN: Bottom of page one, the main character sees a McDonald's burning down in the distance and he starts to cry, and I don't get that, so I was wondering what's-



AMIR: Wow- whoa-like- what- It's the saddest thing somebody can see, so I think, like, when you cry, it's not-



JAKE: It's- it's- you can- It's cuttable, right? You can cut that.



DAN: Cuttable, so yeah, I'll- I'll cut that, then.



AMIR: Well... Ahh, Ok. Uh, that's fine. It happens again.



DAN: Yeah, it happens on every page, so I'll just-







DAN: Oh, yeah, you numbered the pages wrong, which is borderline impressive 'cause it's automated software.



AMIR: Yeah, I don't use software. I just (farting noise with mouth) write all- I do the-







DAN: So, this section (simultaneously) I felt the dialogue could be almost half the length because you can get what you're trying to say just quicker, snappier.



AMIR: (simultaneously) Yeah, yes, yes, yes, very. Aw, half the length, and then you can get it to change, just get it across and then-



JAKE: What's he talking about?



AMIR: This script.



JAKE: More specifically.







DAN: Oh, here's a thing. Uh, audience lolz go here. Guys, let's not tell the audience when to laugh, let's just write funny stuff and trust it.



AMIR: Def.







AMIR: More specifically? I don't know, he's saying that everything is long. But, that's good, and it should be longer. As lo- er- as lo- the longer the better.



JAKE: That's the opposite of what he just said.







DAN: Page 19.







JAKE: That's the exact opposite of what he said.



AMIR: So why are all good movies three hours plus, right? What, does that make sense?



JAKE: There's a lot of good, short movies.



DAN: Alright, cool, come on.







DAN: Scene directions. So here it says this shit is crazy insane.



AMIR: (interrupting , high voice) This shit is crazy insane-o. 



DAN: Right.



AMIR: High pitched voice, right?



DAN: Yeah, I see that you wrote that, but what does that mean? That doesn't even...



JAKE: He drew a picture of a fireball.



AMIR: Fireball, right there.



DAN: Right, and Jake, that's the thing to generally not do.



JAKE: Well, yeah, I couldn't- I (simultaneously) couldn't agree more.



AMIR: couldn't agree less... with that.







DAN: Jake, Jake, Jake, Jake. All the character names are Jake.



AMIR: Yes.



DAN: You can't name the characters Jake-



AMIR: Ok.



DAN: Because people need to know-



AMIR: We don't want to spoon-feed our audience.







DAN: I don't know if I want to do this anymore.



AMIR: I know.



DAN: As a job.



AMIR: Oh, as a job.







DAN: Will Ferrell, I doubt-



AMIR: (deep voice) Frank the Tank!



DAN: Is not gonna be in it because he's Will Ferrell.



AMIR: Yeah, well, the way I cast my characters is I- I- I aim for the moon and then I shoot myself.



DAN: You just said you're gonna shoot yourself.



AMIR: (scoffs) You're gonna let him talk to me like that.



JAKE: Yep.







AMIR: Ahh.



DAN: So a couple more things.



AMIR: Alright, you know what, you haven't stopped bitching about this script since you got here.



DAN: I'm trying to give you constructive criticism.



AMIR: Hah, yeah. More like destructive cynicism.



JAKE: How did you learn those words?







DAN: Cool, so you know what? We got a good first line, we got a good last line, I'll just take it from there.



JAKE: Just have one more crack at rewriting it.



DAN: No.



AMIR: Just give us one more-



DAN: (simultaneously) No, don't worry guys.



AMIR: (simultaneously) It's fine, we can do this. We're a dynamic team!



DAN: You know what, no, because you know what, you don't even deserve an excuse, I'm just gonna write it, 'cause it's really bad!



(Dan walks out)



AMIR: Ok? Wow. What- what crawled into his butt? Jake. (high voice) Vhat crawled into his butthole? Hm. Jake. Give me his SMS code right now, I'm gonna text him that question. Is butthole with two Bs?



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														(caption - Mr. Greenawalt's Video Journalism Class Final Project "MY BROTHER JAKE" by Micah Hurwitz)



MICAH: (voice over caption) Mr. Greenawalt's video journalism class, final project, my brother Jake, by Micah Hurwitz. 



(caption - JAKE'S WORK)



MICAH: (voice) Jake's work.







(in hallway at CH office, you can see Amir sneaking up from behind)



JAKE: (to camera) Hey, Hamden Hall, how's it going? Welcome to the Collegehumor office--AGH!



(Amir jumps on Jake, pushing Jake to the ground, Amir grabs the camera)



AMIR: (to camera) Hey, is this TRL? I want to request Britney Spears new nu--







(Jake is writhing in pain on floor)



MICAH: Want help up? (grabs Jake's hand)



JAKE: Don't touch me. Don't touch me. 







(Jake is leaning against wall, falls to one knee)



MICAH: Jake, Jake, Jake, Jake. (goes to help Jake)



AMIR: (off camera) He's fine. 







(Jake is sitting in an office chair)



JAKE: Mike, sorry, I don't know that this is a good day for it--



MICAH: It's due tomorrow. 



JAKE: What?



MICAH: It's due tomorrow. 







(caption - JAKE'S FRIEND)



MICAH: (voice) Jake's friend.



(larger caption appearing over the first - BEST FRIEND)



AMIR: (voice) Best friend! 







AMIR: (to camera) OK, uh, TRL I wanted to request Britney Spears--



JAKE: (off camera) What are you--



AMIR: Let me just, I'm just finishing the joke from last time.



JAKE: It was never a joke. 



AMIR: OK, fine. (to camera) Oops I Did It Again. 







(caption - Jake's Work Again)



MICAH: (voice) Jake's work again. 



(caption - Maybe we shouldn't do this)



MICAH: (voice) Maybe we shouldn't do this. 



(caption - RELAXITSFINE)



AMIR: (voice) Relax, it's fine. 



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



(Jake is still in office chair)



JAKE: Why would you do it today then? You have to edit it, right? 



MICAH: Stop yelling at me! You sound like mom. 



AMIR: (off camera) OK, OK, come on. Uh, you guys are brothers so I shouldn't get involved but if you talk like that to Jake one more time I'm going to beat the shit-- 







(Jake and Micah are sat on a couch in the office, Jake is doubled over in pain) 



JAKE: All right, all right, it's fine. He's not going to hurt you. Let's just, we're going to go to my apartment, I'll give you a tour of that and you're going to get an A and it's going to be great, OK?  



AMIR: (from behind the couch) Uncle Amir was kidding, he's not really going to hurt you, all right? 



JAKE: D-Don't fucking call him that, OK? Not--I'm sorry, I'm sorry. He's not mad at you, I'm mad at him.



AMIR: Mad at Uncle Amir.  







(they're exiting the elevator)



MICAH: Hold on a second. 



JAKE: Don't tell me to hold on! 







(in the lobby)



JAKE: I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You know I didn't mean that. Just, I mean, don't-don't tell me to hold on. (weak chuckle)







(caption - JAKE'S HOME practically amirs home)



MICAH: (voice) Jake's home practically amir's home. 







(Jake is lying on the couch)



JAKE: Hey, uh Mike, this is where the magic happens. 



AMIR: (laughing loudly beside Jake) Magic happens, haha, what? Who says that?



JAKE: Amir, can I talk to you for one second? 



(Amir grabs the camera from Micah to hold by Jake's head)



AMIR: Sup?



JAKE: (softly) I-I need you to treat this delicately, OK?  



AMIR: (whispers) Whoa, OK. What's up? 



JAKE: I don't want Mikey to freak out but I think I call to go to the hospital. 



AMIR: CALL THE FUCKING POLICE! YOUR BROTHER IS GOING TO D--







(caption - The End)



MICAH: (voice) The end. 



(caption - Edited By: Micah Hurwitz)



MICAH: (voice) Edited by Micah Hurwitz.



(caption - And Co-Edited By: AMIR BLUMENFELD!



Amir: And co-edited by Amir Blumenfeld!







OUTRO



(Blank screen, Limp Bizkit - Rollin' is playing)



(caption pops up - Or whateva.)



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vBSJbThSzM

													

														[Jake is driving a van, with Amir in the passenger seat, and Jake's friends from work that came with him (Pat, Rosie, Amir Cohen, and Kunal Shah) in the middle and back rows.]



AMIR: (high-pitched voice) Thisweekendwascraazeeyy!



JAKE: Yeah, you were crazy. You ruined it.



AMIR: How did I ruin it?



JAKE: Where do I even start?



(The audio of the next scene fades in.)







[Micah and Jake's friend are playing guitar (How You Remind Me by Nickelback), and Jake and Amir are sitting and listening.]



AMIR: (singing loudly, with the wrong lyrics) Coulda goneit as a wise man dreaming, and this is how you remind me (he grabs the neck of both guitars to stop them playing) Stop!



JAKE: What are you doing?







[Jake, Pat, and Rosie are playing croquet.]



PAT: Alright, Jake, this is for the win.



JAKE: Alright, watch and learn, boys.



(Jake hits a ball through the last two wickets, but before it hits the post, Amir runs by and grabs it.)



AMIR: Interception! (He throws the ball, and a crashing sound is heard.)







[Jake's father (Samuel Hurwitz) is grilling in the back yard, and Amir is watching.]



AMIR: Uh, so what are you grilling?



SAMUEL: Uh, chicken, hot dogs, hamburgers.



AMIR: Chicken nuggets?



SAMUEL: Uh, no.



AMIR: Ok. Ahh. I don't wanna seem ungrateful, but.. this is a fucking joke.







[Jake and Micah are playing guitar, and Amir is sitting and listening.]



(Amir twists one of Micah's guitar's tuning keys.)



JAKE: How- how long-



(They stop playing.)



MICAH: (to Jake) Ah, you're off.



AMIR: (to Jake) Oh, what's it like to be worse at guitar than a fifteen-year-old?



JAKE: You can answer that.



AMIR: Ok, yeah, it sucks.







[Jake's mom (Laura Hurwitz) is sitting in the dining room. Kunal Shah and Amir walk in.]



KUNAL: Mrs. Hurwitz, thanks for having all of us.



LAURA: Oh, no problem!--



AMIR: (laughs) (to Kunal) Call her Laura. (to Laura) Right babe?



(Kunal walks off.)



LAURA: Um, Mrs. Hurwitz is fine.



AMIR: (laughs) You're funny, babe. (Walks off.)







[Jake and his sister are in the kitchen.]



JAKE: Hey, are their any taco shells left?



JAKE'S SISTER: Yeah, there should have been enough for everyone to have two.



JAKE: I haven't had any.



(Amir walks on, holding a plate and eating a taco.)



AMIR: (to Jake's sister) Yeah, and I've had four, so somebody sucks at math. (to Jake) Also, Jake, we should go to Blockbuster later and rent a game, I'm thinking SSX Tricky. (Takes two large bites from his taco.)







[Jake's mom is in the dining room reading a book.]



AMIR: (poking his head out of the bathroom) Hey babe? QQ. Uh, we're out of toilet paper, and I really need to wipe. So.







[Jake is at the beach, reading a book.]



(Amir jumps over to him and lies down next to him.)



AMIR: Whoa! Nerd alert. (laughs) Don't worry, I'm not going to tell anyone at the office you were reading.



JAKE: Okay, good. Not cuz I'm ashamed of reading, though; I don't want anyone to know you were here.



AMIR: Hah! Well I already Tumbled it. (high-pitched voice) It's got about forty reblogs! It's got about forty reblogs! (taking Jake's book and throwing it away.) Aight, bury me, RIGHT now. I'll start. (Lies down on his back and dribbles a handful of sand on his chest.) Jake!







[Amir, Jake, and Rosie are in a huddle, playing beach football.]



AMIR: Alright, here's the plan. Rosie, you go long, like get the fuck all the way to New York or something; me and Jake will chill out here and then we'll just--



JAKE: We're-- We'll both go long. Ok? Relax?



AMIR: Ok. Ready? Set? Jake!



(Amir hikes the ball, and Jake and Rosie go long. Amir throws the ball at Jake, hitting him square in the back, knocking him down.)



AMIR: (running over to Jake, who is holding his neck in pain) Whoa whoa whoa! (kneeling next to him) Oh god, can we try my plan now? I'm begging you.







[Back to the scene in the van.]



AMIR: Well if you didn't want me to come, why'd you email everyone an invitation?



JAKE: I didn't email you!



AMIR: Yeah, but I check your outbox, so it's like the same thing. ...Also your poetry sucks.



END.

													

														[POV: Amir. Amir knocks on the apartment door to the rhythm of Shave And a Haircut. Jake opens the door.]



JAKE: [finishing the rhythm] Dun dun!



[Amir slaps Jake. Jake doesn't mind.]



JAKE: Haha! [to Rosie] Amir's here!



ROSIE: Awesome!



JAKE: Love that! Make yourself at home, comprende!



AMIR: Okay.



[Amir kicks his flip-flops off.]



AMIR: Hey guys, check this out: [singing] It's my dick in a box!



[Amir holds his hands to suggest holding a box. Jake and Rosie laugh uproariously.]



AMIR: [singing] It's my dick in a box, baby!



JAKE: [laughing] Stop-- stop it!



AMIR: Saw-ree!



JAKE: Me and Rosie were actually just talking about you, and I realized how much I hate him.



ROSIE: It's true!



[Amir and Jake high-five each other. Then Amir turns to look at a DVD sitting beside him.]



AMIR: Whoa! Is that Knocked Up on DVD? Seth Rogen! I love him! Everybody knows that. How much did this cost?



[Amir puts out his pinky and does a Dr. Evil impression.]



AMIR: One million dollars.



[Jake and Rosie burst out laughing again.]



JAKE: Nah, I actually borrowed it from that zero, Patrick Cassels!



ROSIE: He's an even bigger loser than me!



AMIR: You mind if I burn this?



JAKE: I'll take you out and buy your own copy, right now.



AMIR: Oh, gosh. You don't have to do that!



JAKE: I will!



AMIR: Oh, by the way: after I'm done here, sleepover tonight?



JAKE: Don't even ask, man. You know the answer!



[Amir laughs. He opens the DVD and puts it into a laptop to watch it.]



AMIR: Whoa! This is going in so smoothly--







[Non-POV. Jake, Pat, and Amir are at a table. Amir is recalling the events seen.]



AMIR: --smoothly, it was, like, really smooth peanut butter. It was j-- you won't even believe how smooth it was, it was so sm-- yeah, so smoothly, it went in.



PAT: Yeah? Smooth, right. Really smooth. Yeah, I don't-- I don't believe it, because it's clearly broken, Amir.



AMIR: Okay, so it skips a little when you put it in. I mean... just go to the next scene! What's the Biggie fries? Right, Jake?



JAKE: Cassels, d'you wanna know what really happ--



AMIR: Aaaaaah. So...



JAKE: What's your plan?



AMIR: What?



JAKE: You're just-- you're gonna do that every single time I try to talk--



AMIR: Aaaaaaaaaah.



JAKE: --for the rest of my life? Okay. You're not gonna be next to me forever.



AMIR: Why not?



JAKE: [sigh] Okay, here's what happened:







to be continued...

													

														[Non-POV. Jake, Pat, and Amir are at a table. This episode begins at the end of the previous one.]



JAKE: Okay, here's what happened:







[POV: Jake. Jake is doing push-ups on the floor. He looks up at Rosie as he does them.]



JAKE: How many is that?



ROSIE: That's at least a thousand. I've never seen anything like this, Jake!



JAKE: What do my tri's look like?



ROSIE: They're ginormous, man!



[They hear loud, disruptive clamor at the door.]



JAKE: Aw, dammit! Amir's here.



ROSIE: Ugh. Awful.



[Jake opens the door. Amir is there, wearing only shorts.]



JAKE: What.



AMIR: 'Sup!



[Amir slaps him, and laughs.]



JAKE: Aah. God, I hate that.



AMIR: Hey, guys!



[Amir attempts to kick off his flip-flops. They fly in weird directions.]



JAKE: Okay. Make yourself at home, right?



AMIR: [singing] It's my dick in a box!



JAKE: Stop.



[Amir waves his arms in a way not at all suggesting a box.]



AMIR: It's my dick in a box, baby!



[Amir gets really close to Jake as he sings. Jake pushes him away by the face.]



JAKE: Stop it!



AMIR: ...Sorry.



JAKE: You know, me and Rosie were trying to hang out by ourselves, okay? Can't you let us be alone for five seconds? You know how much I dislike you?



ROSIE: It's true.



[Amir turns to look at a DVD sitting beside him.]



AMIR: Whoa! What the hell is this? It's like a book... but it's... super-light. Who's Knocke Dup?



[Amir opens it.]



JAKE: It's a DVD, alright? I borrowed it from Patrick Cassels, and he was gracious enough to let me borrow it. Don't mess it up.



AMIR: I'm going to break it.



JAKE: Why?



AMIR: Because I'm a retard. That's why.







[Non-POV. Present.]



AMIR: That is not what I said!



JAKE: Okay, it's my story, right? So let me tell it: and he was doing the high voice and everything. He was like, [in Amir's high-pitched voice] I'm gonna break your DVD! I'm going to break your DVD.



PAT: Jake, I don't care about that. Just tell me what happened to my DVD.



JAKE: Cassels, I'm getting there.







[POV: Jake. Past.]



JAKE: I'm asking you politely: please calm down.



AMIR: Okay, after I break it, I wanna have a sleepover with you, and we can discuss-- all night-- how much we hate Pat.



JAKE: Don't even ask that, okay? You know the answer.



[Amir begins bending the DVD.]



AMIR: Jake. Look how bendy it is.



JAKE: Jesus Christ...



AMIR: I'm so stupid!







[Non-POV. Present.]



JAKE: And then he just broke it in half.



AMIR: [sigh] Did that redheaded homo put you up to this?



PAT: Don't bring Rosie into this. He's too dumb to defend himself.



JAKE: Y'know, Rosie was there! Why don't we ask him?



PAT: Fine. Rosie, what happened?



[Pan to show that Rosie has been at the table as well, the whole time.]



ROSIE: Well...







to be continued...

													

														[Non-POV. Jake, Pat, Amir, and Rosie are at a table. This episode begins at the end of the previous one.]



JAKE: Y'know, Rosie was there! Why don't we ask him?



PAT: Fine. Rosie, what happened?



ROSIE: Well...







[POV: Rosie. Rosie is on the computer. Jake is bent over on his hands and knees in the background, doing push-ups with only his upper body.]



JAKE: Rosie! Look at me. Rosie. How many have I done?



ROSIE: Twelve. But you really shouldn't be doing girl pushups--



JAKE: Shut up. You know I have weak ankles.



[Rosie goes back to watching YouTube videos.]



JAKE: Anyway... how do my tri's look?



ROSIE: I dunno. Normal?



JAKE: Fuck you. They're ginormous.



[Amir knocks on the door.]



JAKE: God dammit, Amir's here. This sucks.



[Jake opens the door. Amir is there. Contrary to Jake's story, he's fully clothed.]



JAKE: What.



AMIR: 'Sup!



[Amir slaps him, and laughs.]



JAKE: I hate you.



AMIR: Hey, Rosie!



[Amir lunges at Rosie with a fist, as if to punch him. Rosie flinches. Then, Amir slips his flip-flops off.]



JAKE: So you think you're at home? This isn't your home.



AMIR: [singing] It's my dick inside one! It's my dick insiiiide one.



JAKE: Shut the fuck up.



AMIR: ...Sorrow.



JAKE: Can me and Jeff please just have one night to ourselves without you barging in here like an asshole? Do you even know how much I fucking hate you?



ROSIE: Whoa.



AMIR: Whoa... is right.



[Amir gasps, and picks up a DVD sitting beside him.]



AMIR: [mostly unintelligible, in his high-pitched voice] Who dis DVD? Who dis chill-ass dude on dis DVD w'dat curly hair?



JAKE: [to Rosie] You see this? This--



AMIR: [still high-pitched] Who dat chill-ass d--



JAKE: It's-- it's Seth Rogen, okay? Everybody knows that.



AMIR: I know.



JAKE: It's not my DVD, so put it the fuck down.



[Amir opens it.]



AMIR: Let me just burn a copy.



JAKE: You're gonna scuff it up.



AMIR: I'm not gonna do anything. Let me just burn it, and then... maybe we can have a sleepover?



JAKE: Don't even ask me that, okay? You know the ans--



[Amir is trying to light the DVD on fire with his lighter.]



JAKE: Are you crazy? Let me-- give it--



[Jake tries to grab the DVD from Amir. As they struggle the DVD cracks and crumples.]



AMIR: Stop, you're gonna break it!



JAKE: I don't care! I want you out of my life!







[Non-POV. Present.]



JAKE: Okay. You know what? I feel bad. [holds out money] Here.



[Pat takes the bill.]



PAT: Thank you. Thank you.



AMIR: And... I feel bad too, so, here. [holds out a paper towel]



PAT: Its-- a paper towel?



AMIR: Well, take it before I change my mind.



[Amir throws the paper towel onto the table, then picks up the busted DVD.]



AMIR: Can I borrow this?







END

													

														AMIR: Jake, you know how when a man is sexually aroused, I was just thinking about it, how his penis becomes erect because blood flows into it, the appendage? So...



JAKE: Did you know that if too much blood flows into it, his dick can actually explode?



AMIR: Yes.



JAKE: I'm kidding. (Amir laughs) Got you!



AMIR: (holds hammer) I wanna throw this hammer so that it hits right in between your eyes.



JAKE: Ok, that's weird, because that's the opposite of what I want to happen.



AMIR: Well, opposites attract, so, close your eyes.



JAKE: Doesn't really make sense here.



AMIR: I don't think I'm explaining it right.



JAKE: No, you're explaining it fine.



AMIR: It's not gonna hit your eyes (JAKE: I know) like either the left one or the right one, those are gonna be fine.



JAKE: Just, yeah, in the middle, (AMIR: Yes.) I know. I get it. I just don't want it, I don't want it to hit any part of me at all.



AMIR: I feel like I'm doing the hard part by throwing it, and then you're not doing anything back, you know, like you're not bringing anything.



JAKE: Well, some people might say that I have to, I have the tough job of ex- trying to convince you not to throw it.



AMIR: Ok. But you can't convince me not to do this, I'm so set. Like, I, it's already happened in my head.



JAKE: Still, I could probably say something like- (two loud bangs) Oh. What happened?



AMIR: Huh.



JAKE: You Ok?



AMIR: (strained) Yee.



JAKE: Yee, you're Ok.



AMIR: Yee.



JAKE: Yee, Ok, what did you hurt?



AMIR: (in pain) I didn't hurt anything, I'm juuuu-ah!



JAKE: You're just...



AMIR: I'm fine.



JAKE: You're grunting.



AMIR: I'm grunting because I, oh, my head hur- I have a headache.



JAKE: Oh. Why does- Did you- Are you sure you didn't hit your hand with a hammer?



AMIR: (touches head with bloody hand) No, it just- It feels super swollen, like right around here. Is it, like, real- It look- It feels like it's throbbing.



JAKE: Your head doesn't, your head looks fine. Your hand, though, looks really bad.



AMIR: Oh, no, yeah, I just spilled it in lemonade.



JAKE: No, I can see bone.



AMIR: Raspberry lemonade.



JAKE: Doesn't explain the bone.



AMIR: Ok, uh, ooh, I'm gonna pass out because I'm in a lot of pain.



JAKE: Right, yeah.



AMIR: But I'm pretty positive you're not right. (puts head down)



JAKE: Yeah, I dunno, I think I'm right, but it's a good idea. Why don't you take a nap, maybe we'll go to the hospital when we- (hammer flies past Jake)



AMIR: (with head down) Jake, did it hit? Jake.



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														(Jake moves his hand away from the camera, revealing him and Amir, who is smiling largely.)



JAKE: (waving to the camera) Hey!--



AMIR: (waving to the camera (and interrupting Jake)) Hi!-- Sorry. Ugh, you hate that.



JAKE: (to Amir) I hate you. (to the camera) Look, we wanted to make a new video to announce our brand new website--



AMIR: --Glasses. Basically they're round, so they accentuate my f--



JAKE: --Our brand new website design. (The text All New JakeAndAmir.com! flashes on the screen.) And you should check it out if you're in your RSS reader or your tumblr dashboard. Just go to jakeandamir.com--



AMIR: --Oh my God, and the entire thing's a Magic Eye, well I'll be damned, they used my idea (JAKE: It's--), look to the left, and if you can't see it, relax your eyes and I see--



JAKE: (to Amir) --It's not.. a Ma- it's not a Magic Eye, actually.



AMIR: (to Jake) The two dragons 69ing each other.



JAKE: Right. It's not, because that was a bad idea, and it's disgusting. (to the camera) But, Amir's brother Ben, and our friend Amir Cohen, uh, coded and designed the whole thing for us.



AMIR: (sarcastically, to Jake) Wow! They made a website for us, that's rea- no that's great, that must take a long time, right?



JAKE: (to Amir) Yeah, cuz they have full-time jobs, it was really tough.



AMIR: So I have a full-time job, too.



JAKE: What did you do today at work?



AMIR: ...I drank.. a glass filled with ketchup.



JAKE: And you threw up.



AMIR: Okay! (to the camera) Anyway, listen, if you like the design, let us know, and if not, maybe don't say anything because it'll hurt Jake's feelings.



JAKE: (to the camera) It wouldn't hurt my- (to Amir) I mean why wouldn't they like the design?



AMIR: (waving at camera) To be continued!



(The screen blacks out, and text in the middle says to be continued!. Then the video comes back in.)



JAKE: No. This is the end of the video.



AMIR: Ok. We hope you like it. (He reaches to turn off the camera.)



(The screen goes black, with All 

Star by Smash Mouth playing. White text in the middle says Jake. Then the music stops, and the text changes to Stop.)



END.

													

														[Phone rings]



Jake: Hello?



Sam: Sup?



Amir: Sup?...Sup?



Sam: Sup?



Jake: Sup?



Amir: Sup?



Sam: Sup?



Jake: Sup?



Amir: Sup?



Sam: Sup?



Amir: Like a rabbit. Sup?



Sam: Sup?



Jake: What? Hello?



Sam: Sup?



Jake: Hello?



Amir: Hey.



Sam: Sup? I'm hurting my own ears.



Jake: I'm going to hang up, who is this?



Sam: Ey Jake H., I got Amir B. for ya. Should I patch him through?



Amir: Yes.



Jake: No, you should not. Who is this?



Sam: This is Sam.



Jake: Sam, what are you doing?



Sam: I lost a bet, I have to be Amir's secretary for a week.



Jake: That sounds horrible. What was the bet?



Sam: I bet him that he couldn't eat McDonalds for twelve days.



Jake: That's a very stupid bet to take.



Sam:... Yeah.



Jake: Yeah.



Sam: Yeah, it turns out he had already been eating it for 42 dayshe showed me receipts.



Amir: 43 days.



Sam: That's even grosser.



Jake: I'm not surprised. I'm sad.



Sam: Uh, should I put this motha through, brotha?



Jake: No, brotha, you should not.



Amir: Jake, it is I already, dinner tonight?



Sam: Ok, putting him through.



Jake: So he's already through, right?



Sam: Well....



Amir: Maybe then I...



Jake: Well, it's not debatable, that was him.



Sam: I'm just going to putjust dump this on the old Googy Cal...



Jake: Dump that, I'm not coming. I'm - I said no.



Sam: It's going to be dinner with an H number 2 and night with an E.



Jake: Oh nice, well why don't I put this in Amir's language then, I am nay fucking coming!



Amir: Hokay, he is a little crabby today, so just do dinner for one, at - still at the D's though, right?



Sam: K.



Jake: Dinner for one - make a note that that's really sad, I'm going to hang up now.



Amir: W-w-w-w-wait, hold on one second, we're almost done. And then, call ahead right now and make sure that Roberta know that we're coming, and thater, that I'm coming, and that the special is... are there...



Sam: Do you know their... What special?



Amir: The special, the...



Jake: It's just the skin and the sauce, Sam. That's his special



Amir: The skin and the sauce.



Jake: The skin and the sauce.



Amir: The skinini...



Sam: The skin of what.



Amir: The skin of - the chicken nugget skin.



Jake: That's disgusting. Ay, listen. Amir, new bet, right now, I bet you...



Sam: Wait, wait, wait. You know the name of somebody who works at McDonalds?



Amir: I know the name of most people that work at every McDonalds.



Jake: From, from here down to Houston. Okay, Amir look, new bet, I bet you can't go 5 seconds without saying my name.



Amir: Jake, listen... ahhh, w-w-wait.



Jake: Yo, Sam, you're my secretary now.



Amir: Noo....



Sam  Amir: Ooh....



Sam: You're gonna need to step out of Jake's office.... Get the fuck...



http://www.collegehumor.com/video/3832420/jake-and-amir-secretary

													

														Jake and Amir are at their desks



Pat is sitting at his desk



JAKE: (to Pat) Oh hey Pat,



PAT: Yeah?



JAKE: Can I ask you about your book?



PAT: Really?



AMIR: (Laughing) Pat's reading?!



JAKE: (To Pat) I just want to know what you're reading actually.



PAT: Oh I didn't know you were interested in this.



AMIR: (Still laughing) Yeah I wanna know what you're reading too actually, gimme the book. Lemme see it.



PAT: (Handing the book to Amir) (To Amir) Sure, absolutely. (To Jake) I just can't believe you guys wanna hear--it's one of my favorite book it's called Portnoy's Complaint. 



AMIR: (Over Pat) (Laughing) Yeah, yeah I think it's my favorite book. 



JAKE: (To Pat) Oh, you know I've heard of that. What's...



PAT: Well it's about this young guy who grows up in New Jersey...



AMIR: (Over Pat) (Still laughing) (Flipping through the pages with the book facing Jake, so he can see) Jake look. It's all text.



PAT: Jake are you even paying attention? 



JAKE: I'm sorry-I'm sorry yeah.



AMIR: (Laughing) (Over Jake and Pat) Jake. Jake there's no pictures.



PAT: Anyway it's about this young guy who grows up in Newark, and he has this really overbearing fam--



Amir rips a page out of the book and laughs.



PAT: (Angrily) What the hell?!



AMIR: Relax it's called a practical joke. Jake makes you think like you're not a worthless nerd for half a second...



JAKE: No.



AMIR: ...and I destroy your book.



PAT: (To Jake) Jake.



JAKE: (Disbelieving) You're just gonna believe him?



PAT: That's how it works?



JAKE: No that's not how it works!



PAT: (To Jake)Little comedy duo, Abbott and Costello...



AMIR: (Over Pat) Relax, yeah we're Abbaca salads. Just relax.



PAT: (To Jake)...you set me up, he knocks me down.



AMIR: Yeah, you set me up and I'll knock his down.



Jake tries to say something, but Pat doesn't let him.



PAT: Why don't you move into an apartment together? Write sketches....



AMIR: (Over Pat) Hey, come on now! Relax!



Jake, Amir, and Pat all talk over each other.



JAKE: (Sarcastically) Yeah what a great idea, move into an apartment with my best friend (inaudible) over there.



AMIR: Guys SHUTUP for a second. (Jake and Pat shutup.) Jake, we should live together in an apartment. I told you that my dad says we could spend 10,000 dollars a month on a loft.



JAKE: (Surprised) What?



AMIR: What?



PAT: (To Jake) Fuck you.



JAKE: (To Pat) Fuck you!



Jake and Pat slap at each other. 



PAT: (As he gets up to leave) Alright, forget the whole thing, alright.



As Pat walks by Amir, Amir hits him in the leg with the book. 



PAT: (Falling, in pain) Ah!



Amir tosses the book towards Pat.



Black screen.







Pat is in a small room talking on the phone.



PAT: Hey, Mom....it's Pat....your son....you were right about the books....they just wanted to rip them up.

													

														No intro



[Camera shows Jake and Amir's desks are empty, then pans to the rest of the CH crew who are seated playing a game. ]



Streeter (yawning): You guys notice how nice and quiet it is today?



Jeff: Yeah, 'cause Jake and Amir aren't here.



Dan: Okay, they are really fucking weird right? 



All: Yes! Absolutely!



Sarah: Amir is sooo weird.



Streeter: You know what? It's not just Amir. Jake is totally insane. I lived with that guy. Certifiable, for sure.



Jeff: They shit at the same time every single day.



All (in agreement): Yes!



Pat (pointing newspaper): I thought I was crazy.



Sam: That's not true. Jake goes to the bathroom. Amir follows him to the bathroom.



Sarah: No way!



Streeter: No. No. No. Not all the time 'cause sometimes Amir goes in before him. 



Dan: A couple hours before.



Pat: Sarah, how do they shit at the same time?



Sarah: What...



Sam: Who am I, who am I right now?



[Sam tilts his head to the side.]



Sam (imitating Amir): Jake, dinner tonight?



[All laugh.]



Pat (earnestly): Amir. Amir. Amir. You're Amir.



Sam: Yes, I'm Amir.



Streeter (high pitched): Look at me talk in a high voice. I'm annoying 

everyone in the office...







Note: I can't really tell who's talking here.







They all start imitating Amir. Here's what I can make out.



Pat: ...right now!....must go bother someone...completely bother the entire office...



Jeff:...and I've got a huge crush on Sarah.



Sarah: What?



Guy: Watch this. Who am I guys?



[He stands up and stuffs chicken nuggets in his mouth.]



Guy (high pitched): Ooooh. Jake. Jake. Jake. Jake. Jake. Jake. 



[All laugh]



[Amir is revealed behind him and silence falls on the group.]



Jeff: Oh.



Amir: Hahahaha. Sup, hey guys?



Other: Hey man.



Sarah: Uhhh... where were you today?



Amir: Uhhh... Jake is actually very sick. (looks at Pat) Not that that's any of your business.



Pat: I didn't say anything!



Amir: So this is what you guys do huh? When Jake and I aren't here you do a little impersonations, you eat chicken nuggets, right? You do impressions of people and that's fun. 



Sarah: Sorry Amir.



Amir: You know what, don't be. ' Cause I love doing impressions too! laughs Who am I? 



Amir (doing a bad impression of Jake): Pat, you know what? Your hygiene is less than average and I don't like you anymore. Amir is my best friend, did you guys know that? 



Amir: I'm Jake. Give me a chicken nugget.

													

														Office



AMIR: Whoa, I just realized that if I stare at the back of your computer for 3 hours it looks like 2 elephants masturbating.



SARAH: Hey Jake are you busy?



AMIR: Yes!



JAKE: No, actually.



SARAH: I found this really cool friendship quiz and I thought we could take it.



AMIR: Oh that's super cool why don't I save you ten minutes and let you know that Jake and I are BBF's, so it doesn't even matter what you get on a quiz.



JAKE: Why don't you shut up for ten minutes, and I can tell you that Sarah and I have been best friends since we were little, and she's gonna know everything.



All right, ready?



SARAH: Yeah.



JAKE: What is my favorite movie?



AMIR: Shawshank Redemption.



JAKE: Okay, you're ruining it for Sarah, right?



SARAH: But I knew that, so.



JAKE: Yeah, that's easy.



All right, What's my favorite food?



AMIR: [High pitched voice] Annie's macaroni and cheese. [Normal Voice] Jake, Annie's macaroni and cheese.



JAKE: It's Annie's macaroni and cheese, good job interrupting.



SARAH: I mean I was just gonna say straight cheese, so.



AMIR: Well you were gonna be straight wrong, so.



JAKE: Straight close.



AMIR: Straight close but no straight cigar.



Jake.



JAKE: Here's one, and Amir's gonna shut up.



What's my mom's job?



SARAH: Oh, I know this she's a teacher.



JAKE: Exactly.



AMIR: Incorrect, she was a teacher but two weeks ago she arrived at school completely stoned... So they fired her.



SARAH: Jesus!



JAKE: Fuck, how did you know that!?



AMIR: She called me.



JAKE: Called you?



AMIR: Well she called you but I picked up. You know, my voice sounds a lot like yours when I go like this: [Jake's voice] Hey mom, tell me more about dad.



SARAH: God, that's so creepy.



[Jake sighs]



SARAH: Oh listen, don't freak out just because he knows everything about you it doesn't matter it has to go both ways.



AMIR: Jake knows everything on that list about me...



Don't you Jake?



Don't you Jake?



Don't you Jake?



JAKE: [Interrupts Amir] I'm thinking!



What's my favorite movie?



[Flashback]



AMIR: Jake, can you tell them what it is.



JAKE: It's Freddy Got Fingered.



AMIR: Thank you.



[Flashback ends]



What's my favorite  food?



[Flashback]



AMIR: I have a chicken nugget in my pocket!



[Flashback ends]



What's my mom's job?



[Flashback]



AMIR: She's a registered nurse.



She's a registered nurse.



Nurse.



Nurse.



Nurse.



Nurse.



[Flashback ends]



JAKE: Oh my god. We are BFF's.



THE END



WATCH THE EPISODE

													

														[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks, Amir stares at Jake's computer]



AMIR: Whoa! I just realized that if I stare at the back of your computer for three hours, it looks like two elephants masturbating. 



[Sarah rolls in on her chair]



SARAH: Hey Jake, are you busy?



AMIR: Yes



JAKE: No, actually



SARAH: I found this really cool friendship quiz, I thought we could take it



AMIR: Oh, that's super cool, why don't i save you ten minutes and let you know that Jake and I are BBFs, so it doesn't even matter if you take that quiz



JAKE: Why don't you shut up for 10 minutes and i can tell you that Sarah and I have been best friends since we were little, and she's gonna know everything, alright, ready?



SARAH: Yes



JAKE: What is my favourite movie?



AMIR: Shawshank redemption



JAKE: Okay, you're ruining it for Sarah, right?



SARAH: But i knew that



JAKE: Of course, it's easy



SARAH: Yeah



JAKE: What's my favourite food?



AMIR: annie's macaroni and cheese, Jake, annie's macaroni and cheese



JAKE: It's annie's macaroni and cheese, good job, interrupting



SARAH: I mean, I was gonna say straight cheese



AMIR: Well, you we're gonna be straight wrong! So 



JAKE: Str-Straight close 



AMIR: Straight close, but not straight cigar (mumbles), Jake



JAKE: Here's one, and Amir's gonna shut up, what's my moms job?



SARAH: Oh, I know this, she's a teacher



JAKE: Exactly



AMIR: Incorrect, she was a teacher, but two weeks ago she arrived at school completely stoned, so they fired her



SARAH: Jesus!



JAKE: ffFUCK, HOW DID YOU KNOW THAT?!



AMIR: She called me?



JAKE: She called you?



AMIR: Well, she called you but I picked up, you know, my voice sounds a lot like yours when I go like  this - Hey mom, tell me more about dad



SARAH: God, that's so creepy, oh listen, don't freak out, just because he knows everything about you, doesn't matter, it has to go both ways



AMIR: Jake know's everything on that list about me, don't you Jake? don't you Jake? don't you Jake? 

JAKE: IM THINKING!



[goes into flashbacks]



JAKE: What is my favourite movie?



AMIR: Jake, can you? Tell them what it is



JAKE: It's freddy got fingered



AMIR: Thank you



JAKE: What's my favourite food?



AMIR: Got a chicken nugget in my pocket GAAH



JAKE: What's my mom's job?



AMIR: She's a registered nurse, registered nurse, nurse, nurse, nurse, nurse



[goes into the present again, with a close-up of Jake's face]



JAKE: Oh my god, we are BFFs!



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														AMIR: Hey, does chicken ever go bad?



JAKE: Yeah, well it--



AMIR: Like does it spoil?



JAKE: How cold is your fridge?



AMIR: Uhh...fridge...



JAKE: OK, then yeah, it's really bad. Knowing you it's probably very-



AMIR: Yeah, I-I won't try to make my own nuggets anymore, that was a, especially out of salmon. 



JAKE: Yeah, ugh-



AMIR: That's stupid.



JAKE: -that's very gross.



AMIR: Will you just come over here and help me change my AIM screen-name already?



JAKE: Why are you getting impatient with me? This is the first time you've asked me. 



AMIR: Oooh-



JAKE: OK



AMIR: -I thought I asked you this morning, but I was just thinking it (chuckles) and I waited.



JAKE: So you just waited 8 hours to re-ask me?



AMIR: Yeah, probably more. (laughs) Will you help me? I already thought of a screen-name, all you have to--



JAKE: Oh my god! It smells terrible over here.



AMIR: Releaks, Jesus, it smelled fine two hours ago.



JAKE: What did it smell like before that? 



AMIR: Uh, honestly, it smelled a lot like my salmon, that's what I got.



JAKE: I think that's what I'm smelling, actually. 



AMIR: All right, just, I already thought of a name, all you have to do is help me out.



JAKE: What is it?



AMIR: . . . it's jakeandamir. --



JAKE: (mumbles)



AMIR: (mumbles louder) --OK, just chill for a second, you're not the 'Jake' so you don't have to get all--



JAKE: I seriou--all right, fine.



AMIR: --high and mighty . . . um, you're the Amir, so.



JAKE: Who's- and then who's the Jake if I'm the Amir?



AMIR: You tell me.



JAKE: I told you not to do that anymore, all right.



AMIR: (chuckles) Sorry. 



JAKE: Bye. 



AMIR: wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-wait, OK, come back, relax, just . . . I don't know what this all is --



JAKE: All right, fine, open up your browser. 



AMIR: (laughs) I don't even know what that is. 



JAKE: I know, I know, here it is right next to the snood(?)--



AMIR: OK, I always wondered what that weird thi--



JAKE: Internet Explorer 6, huh?



AMIR: Yeah. 



JAKE: That's impressive.



AMIR: I wanted to explore the internet (beat) 6. So. 



JAKE: 6 ovah.



AMIR: (high pitched) sishovah. 6 over. 



JAKE: I got it. 



AMIR: OK, Faster.



JAKE: OK.



AMIR: wa-slow down, slow down, slow down. Slow down! Slow down!



JAKE: I'm done. 



AMIR: s-OK.



JAKE: Now pick a password.



AMIR: All right, uhhh . . . 



JAKE: Don't say Jake. 



AMIR: OK, so I don't know. 



JAKE: Um, maybe, this your pay stub? 



AMIR: Yeah.



JAKE: Use the last four digits of your social -- you make $120,000 a year. 



AMIR: That's too long for a password, isn't it? 



Blackout



AMIR: Is your screen name still ChillDude22? 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FU4n1ZJpiHw 

													

														(open scene. AMIR is bouncing on a balance ball and Jake, annoyed, is looking at his computer screen)



AMIR: Would you rather have--



JAKE: Whoa, whoa I said you could sit here quietly and bounce as long as you didn't interrupt anything I was doing.



AMIR: Fine! Would you rather have an infinite amount of chicken nuggets or an infinite amount of money?



JAKE: (sighs) Um... wow. Oh, geeze. That's tough. Where are the nuggets from?



AMIR: Yes, that's what I asked! Yeah! They're chicken McNuggets from the D's! (bouncing rapidly) From the D's! From the D's! From the D's!



JAKE: Oh, from the D's, from the D's...Um, I guess definitely the money. I'd take the infinite amount of money.



AMIR: Uh, okay. Where would you put the money?



JAKE: Oh, uh--



AMIR: All of a sudden it's more difficult--



JAKE: No, I'd probably put it into a bank or something. Uh, like, where would you put your infinity nuggets?



(pause)



AMIR: In my stomach.



JAKE: In your stomach. Okay, that would kill you. You would die.



AMIR: Straight up. 



JAKE: Straight up, you have a human stomach and you would die. Here's a would you rather from me. (AMIR is now lying down on his balance ball so you can only see his exposed torso) Would you rather go onto your side of the desk and just--do some work and let me appreciate you and value our friendship (AMIR sits up) because you respect me or--



AMIR: Okay here's an impression...!



JAKE: Or would you rather be a fucking loud piece of crap--



AMIR: (cutting JAKE off) Here's an impression! Ah!



JAKE: Know that you're being--



AMIR: Ah!



JAKE: What is that, you're just not gonna let me talk--



AMIR: Ahhhh. All right, here's an impression. (takes glasses off)



JAKE: Fine. Of what?



AMIR: Here's an impression of a normal guy.



JAKE: Great. 



AMIR: You know what's a super neat invention? God, I don't know if it has a name but those luggages on wheels are the most convenient thing in the world. Like, I graduated college three years ago, and I find myself travelling a lot more, just--the difference between holding one of these luggages and rolling them? It's night and day. It's absolutely night and day. And these airports are so expansive! I mean, have you been to the new airport in Atlanta? Terminal A's on one side of the city, I feel like I need an airplane to get to the other side of the airport. I mean, it's just absolutely obscene. And--you know I'm a jogger. I mean, I like to jog. But the problem isn't the jogging, it's--it's stopping, right when I stop, I'm feeling this--this  tightness in my arch and in my toes. And, you know, I go to the orthopedic surgeon and he's telling me it's plain orphochitis and I want a second recommendation, it's just unbelievable what kind of--and I am blabbing so much about myself and I cannot believe how self-centered I've been. We should get some coffee one time this week. What are you doing on Thursday? I'm going to an opera or such, I don't know, some gay shit like that, it's just like a work in progress you know? I don't know... (puts glasses on) Here's a would you rather that's a freestyle! Would you rather hump a moose, a big dead--(falls off of balance ball)

													

														(Jake turns on lights)



Jake: Amir? What's up, is everything okay? What's the emergency?



Amir: I knew you'd find me here.



Jake: Yeah, you told me exactly where to come.



Amir: Y'know, not a day goes by that I don't think about your mother.



Jake: So no emergency?



Amir: You were confirmed in a church like this. Not much bigger than this actually.



Jake: No, I wasn't ever confirmed. You called me five times begging me to come here. You wept on the phone.



Amir: She never even got to see you play lacrosse. How do you think that makes me feel.



Jake: Okay, tell me if you remember leaving me these three voice mails.



(pulls out phone)



Amir (trying to talk over message): Okay, when I think about how your brother and you treated her, it just kills me--



Voicemail: Dude it's Amir, this is an emergency, it's an emergency, if you don't come I think I'm definitely OH MY GOD I'M GONNA DIE!



Jake this is not a joke, I think I'm definitely gonna die--



Amir: Allright fine, turn it off, okay?! And relax! There is an emergency!



Jake: Okay what is it?



Amir: I wanna shoot a chill-ass lip dub in here. Just like a chill-ass lip dub in a church.



Jake: A lip dub?



Amir: Yeah it's like basically you lip sync a song and we put the music underneath, so it looks like you're singing.



Jake: In an abandoned church in Poughkeepsie.



Amir: Whatever, in a thing, I don't know, but like, as I'm singing, like set fire to shit, and at the end it just goes pfff, and it explodes, so...



Jake: So what's the emergency?



Amir: I don't know, a church blowing up. Is that-it sounds like an emergency to me.



Jake: Yeah, it's an emergency you're causing. I guess I'm glad I came here to stop you from burning down a church.



Amir: Not only that, but you have to shoot it for me too. You have to be the one who shoots it because I'm the one who's singing, and then what are you gonna bring to the table.



Jake: I'm gonna go.



Amir: Ah, w-w-w-wait a second.



(Piercing scream in the background)



Jake: Jesus. I'm gonna go!



Amir: Wait, c'mon, you said you'd shoot it, right?



Jake: No.



Amir: Okay, then say it now then, please.



(Blink 182-All the Small Things plays, with Amir lip syncing)



All the small things



True care truth brings



I'll take one lift



Your ride best trip--



(Camera drops)



Amir: C'mon, hey c'mon.



Jake: No!



Amir: Are you going to get gasoline? Get diesel!

													

														[Amir is at his desk using his laptop; Jake is not present.]



(Jake walks up to his desk and sets a cardboard box down on it.)



JAKE: (on the phone) Yeah, comin' down now. (He walks back away from his desk.)



AMIR: I'm comin' down now witcha, so, wait up for half a second--



JAKE: (to Amir) (snaps his fingers) Stay there. (snaps his fingers.) There. (snaps his fingers.)



AMIR: (pointing at the box on Jake's desk) W- what is tha-? (Jake is gone so he stops talking.)



(Amir walks around to Jake's desk, rolls Jake's chair back, and tries to carefully pick up the box between two fingers, but it drops and falls to the floor. Amir goes on his hands and knees to retrieve it, but hits his head on the underside of Jake's desk when getting back up, and he shouts UGH!; he then remains motionless and out of view while the camera keeps rolling. 24 seconds later, Jake becomes visible as he walks back to his desk from the elevators, and he eventually sits back in his chair.)



JAKE: (noticing that the box is missing) Where...



(Amir reaches up from under his desk and puts the box down on it. Jake stands up partially to get a better look. Amir sits down in his chair, with one hand on his head.)



JAKE: Is that my router?



AMIR: Hey bro... (exhales in pain)



JAKE: That's.. is that my router?



AMIR: (opening the box) Nooo, this is mine actually. Where di-- you got one too? (He takes the router out of the box.)



JAKE: Yeah. You got the same one as me?



AMIR: (examining the router in his hands) Yeah crazy.



JAKE: (in a southern accent) Same box an' everytang.



AMIR: (mimicking Jake's accent) Soulmates do dat shiat all the time.



JAKE: (shaking his head and smiling) That's so weird.



AMIR: The- this is weird.



JAKE: It's so weird that you would-- Um.. where did you get it?



AMIR: I got it online. The internet. So.



JAKE: So did I. What website did you go to? Maybe we went to the same one.



AMIR: (examining the router) Half of it is blue, you see that?



JAKE: Yeah yeah.



AMIR: And then half of it... Ah, my head hurts. Heh.



JAKE: It's- Are you.. are you gonna use it? You know, plug it in, spin it around, do all that--



AMIR: (spinning the router in his hands between two opposite corners) I was just about to spin it around when you said it--



JAKE: You're spinnin' it. That is just.. so fun. Careful, it gets hot!



AMIR: (dropping the router on his desk) I know, ah, Jesus! It started to get a little hot...



JAKE: Yeah, it gets really really hot.



AMIR: ...when you said that. So.



JAKE: No, I know.



AMIR: (smelling the router) Okay. Good.



JAKE: You just-- Smells good, right?



AMIR: So we both have one, and, let's just leave it at that, at this point. (setting down the router and putting on his headphones) Uh, I'll let you know when yours gets here. I'm gonna listen to music now.



(Amir starts air drumming.)



AMIR: (lifting off one side of his headphones) Did you say something about us getting the same piece of equipment?



(Amir continues drumming, and starts beat boxing as well. Jake walks over to Amir and air drums and beat boxes with him for a few seconds. Amir to switch to air guitar.)



JAKE: (picking up the router) Alright, I'm gonna take this back. (unplugging Amir's headphones) What are you listening to?



(Hey There Delilah by the Plain White T's plays through Amir's computer's speakers. Amir takes off his headphones and points at his computer to try to act confused.)



AMIR: That was.. this is the.. it's just ended and now the- I was listening to rap--



(The video cuts to black, and the audio of the song plays out and is then cut after a few seconds.)



END.

													

														Jake: Ok what do you want?



Amir: I need you to help me register to vote.



Jake: You want to vote?



Amir: Well, vote or die right?



Jake: Do you think that's a real law?



Amir: Well I don't want it to be, which is why I'm going to put no, and then... [ticks box on voting form]



Jake: [interrupting] That asks if you are a US citizen.



Amir: Ok, so, sheesh.



Amir: I do nay have a legal birthday, and I def do not have a [in high pitched voice] social security numbre comprende? so-e help-e on that-e.



Jake: I'm so mad I understood all of that.



Amir: [silly noise]



Amir: I mean honestly I'm leaning towards voting for both.



Jake: You can't do that.



Amir: Michael Both, the Libertarian candidate.



Jake: Is that, is that a real guy?



Amir: I don't know, I don't know what I just said.



Amir: [high pitched voice] I tink I am down to vote today.



Both: I think I'm down to vote today.



Jake: No you can't do that, election is November 4th.



Amir: Ok cool cool, [high pitched voice] tomonge it is!



Both: Tomorrow it is.



Jake: No, it's not.



Amir: [silly noise]



Amir: I don't know, I'm like conflicted because one guy says the other guy is bad and then the other guy says the other person is bad so, like I think I'm just going to vote for the last person I hear talk.



Jake: Maybe you shouldn't... [attempts to take pen from Amir]



Amir: [moving pen away from Jake] Hey! Don't touch my pen.



Amir: What's a blue state?



Jake: Democratic.



Amir: Ok, so red state is Nazi?



Jake: Republican.



Amir: Same thing.



Jake: I can't decide if you're being pointing or stupid.



Amir: Same thing.



Jake: Got it, stupid.



Jake: Obama is the democratic, black dude.



Amir: HE'S BLACK?!



Jake: [sighs] John McCain is the old white dude.



Amir: [interrupting] HE'S WHITE?! HE'S A REPUBLICAN?!



Jake: Don't talk like that.



Amir: SORRY?! Sorry.



Jake: Sorry, good.



Amir: [silly noise]



Jake: You done?



Jake: A lot of people are taking into account the VP candidate.



Amir: Yeah, VP is super importante.



Jake: Yes, which you know stands for...



Amir: Rainbow.



Jake: Vice President. Rainbow?



Amir: No, you said vice... I said vice President, what did you say?



Jake: Who's the last person you voted for?



Amir: Uh, Gerald Ford?



Jake: How old are you?



Amir: Oh this was in 2006.



Jake: Ok, so you're just not smart.



Amir: Yeah, he lost.



Jake: By a lot.



Amir: Yeah, by a lot.



Amir: Man, why can't you run for president? My decision would be so much easier.



Jake: Don't do that.



Jake: Ok, what's your address?



Amir: Well, like tonight I'm crashing at your place, so do I put that address or?



Jake: No to both.



Amir: Ok, the first one wasn't a question.



Amir: [free-styling] Cuz you pale in (Palin) comparison to Sarah. So, I dunno.



Jake: That was, that was actually clever. That was kind of clever, you should write that down.



Amir: Actually, I already just forgot it. Something about... Dick Cheney in your uh I dunno, forget it.



Amir: And done-zo so [tears up form] thank you for nothing.



Jake: What are you doing? 



Amir: This is one vote that stays private!



Outtakes at the end:



Amir: HE'S A REPUBLICAN?!



Jake: [laughs] stop talking like that.



Both: SORRY?! [laughs]



Jake: Let's do that.

													

														[Jake and Amir are sitting on the couch in Jake's apartment watching a baseball game on TV.]



JAKE: Ok, rules are as follows: you're allowed to stay here--



AMIR: IF, we have to high five every home run, I know, and we have to create ten inside jokes, you don't have to tell me--



JAKE: Ok, incorrect. Every inning you stay here is a week that you're not allowed to talk to me.



AMIR: Ok. But, I was thinking about that, what if it's like weeks in the past. (JAKE: (sarcastically) Oh, yeah) So like, weeks that we didn't know each other--



JAKE: Before, ok, (AMIR: Yeah when we were kids) um no it's gonna be future weeks. Got it?



AMIR: Yeyeah, fo sho, fo sho.







[The audience of the game is cheering loudly, indicating someone scored a home run.]



JAKE: Oh! (ANNOUNCER: Well, he--) That's gone. (He takes his phone out of his pocket.) 



AMIR: (smiling) That is aout of there! Ah!



JAKE: (smiling) I'm gonna call Kunal. (Putting the phone up to his ear.)



AMIR: (smiling) Kunal him! Ah, right now!



JAKE: (smiling) Yeah. He loves the Red Sox. I'm gonna (?) rub this in his face.



AMIR: (smiling) I know. Ok me too.



JAKE: (On the phone) Uh, yo dude, I--



AMIR: (Leaning over and grabbing Jake's arm to yell into his phone) HHHEY YOU FUCKING PIECE OF SHI--







[Amir is playing the same chord repeatedly on an acoustic guitar with a bored look on his face.]



AMIR: (Singing) Jeff is an asshole, Rosie's an asshole, I wouldn't be caught dead hanging out with Patrick Cassels...







[Jake is on the phone with Kunal, covering Amir's mouth and restraining him from talking into the phone as Amir tries to yell through Jake's hand.]



JAKE: (Into his phone) Hey, Kunal, it's Jake, ahh, just call me back, alright? We'll ahh, I just gotta talk to you. Alright. See you later.







[Amir is continuing his song.]



AMIR: (singing) I don't see why you wanna hang out with anyonnne else, buuut meeeeee...



JAKE: (continuing the song while Amir holds the note over the word me) Stop stop stop stop stop stop noww... (He grabs the guitar from Amir)







[A shot of the TV shows the score is 11-1]



AMIR: (falsetto) Two to one!



JAKE: It's eleven to one. (AMIR: Close game--)



AMIR: Oh ok. I thought those were Roman Numerals.







AMIR: (makes a pbbpbpb horse noise) I think I'm gonna take a nap. Let me know if Kobe (pronounced koab) hits that touchdown. (He leans his head back to rest on the couch.)



JAKE: (makes the same noise) Wrong player, wrong sport, wrong team, and that pronunciation of Kobe's name: intentional?



AMIR: (Thinking) Yeeeeee--



JAKE: Wrong pronunciation of the name. That is a record for you.



AMIR: Huzzah!



JAKE: Not a good one.



AMIR: Zah-hah!



JAKE: Not a word.







[Amir covers Jake's eyes while coming to sit back down on the couch.]



AMIR: Guess who! (laughs)



JAKE: No one else is here, and you came from the front of me, so that's pretty easy--



AMIR: I clogged your toilet. I clogged it.



JAKE: (sighs). Use too much paper, huh?



AMIR: (shakes his head). No I didn't use any paper, so I guess guess again?







(Amir farts loudly.)



JAKE: Ohh my God.



(Amir farts again, shorter.)



AMIR: I'm done. (He farts a third time, even shorter).







[Jake is on his iPhone.]



JAKE: Where is everybody? I invited everyone over like an hour ago.



AMIR: I know, it's so weird. Well, I guess it makes sense if you think about it, cuz like a lot of 'em were talk-- honestly, a lot of 'em were like talking shit about us, and I was like, I dunno, it's like weird, because like, you have to think about it, do you want those types of people at your house if you-- I mean if you have the choice, maybe you would rather not. Like do you have-- do you have any wine? (He farts loudly again).



(During Amir's line, a shot of Jake's apartment door is shown with a handwritten note by Amir that says Hey Guys, Sum1 I don't know died. Don't call me I'll call you. My party has been CANCELLED =), signed Jake)



END.

													

														Amir: Hello space cadets, Ace just told me he was busy, which means it's time for...



Ace and Jocelyn theme as Amir runs along the street and eats McNugs



Amir knocks on Jake's door



Jake: (off camera) Who is it?



Amir: It's meee!



Jake opens door



Jake: Hey- oh



Amir: Ace, listen up, you said you were really busy, which is usually code for, uhhh, "I'm in trouble"



Jake: I'm really busy.



Amir: "Come over and help me", which I'm doing right now.



Jake: It's never been a code for that.



Amir: Is there trouble under this bag?



Jake: No, alright, I have someone coming over, and you have to leave.



Amir: Someone coming over? Okay, I'm gonna hide in the bathroom.



Jake: Amir! I mean Jocelyn! There's a... there's a black hole in the bathroom, we can't go in there! We have to... run to the top of Manhattan! Right now!



Amir: What?! Are you serious?



Jake: Yeah I'm right behind you, ready 3 2 1, don't look back, go!



Amir: I'm not gonna look back!



Amir starts to run out but Rima walks in, dressed identically to Amir



Rima: Hi Jaaake...



Amir: Ah, what the heckles?



Rima: Hey! How's it going?



Jake and Rima hug



Jake: Good.



Rima: Good.



Jake: Uh, this is my friend Rima.



Amir: Oh.



Rima: Friend? Okay. Are we just friends?



Jake: I dunno. Working on it.



Amir: (pulling awkward face) Eergh. Awkward City, Spaceville, USA! Hehe.



Rima: Umm...



Jake: Can you not, um, can you please take off the glasses though? I don't like it when you-



Rima: You don't like my glasses.



Amir: Honestly, it's just that, only nerds wear glasses. Straight up.



Rima: Ok, so, ummm, my glasses this week, last week my hair was too short...



Jake: It's not, it's the spikey-



Rima: - the spikes, right. I've been growing it.



Amir: Spikey hair is for homos. It's for space homos, or whatever.



Rima: Okay, is he going to be staying here tonight-



Jake: Why don't you just- 



Amir pushes over table



Amir: So... I dunno.



They talk over each other as Amir points at them



Rima: No no no, fine, okay, obviously you guys are gonna hang out tonight, and-



Jake: We're not hanging out.



Amir: Shyus! She's starting to get it Ace! Hehe.



Rima: Ace? Alright, bye, uhh, so I'll talk to you later-



Amir talks and laughs over her



Amir: Far out! Hahaha. Leave already! Hahaha. Jesus Christ. Earth girls ain't easy.



Jake: You're not easy.



Amir: K. Honestly Ace, I think I did you a huge favour, because if you think about it, she looks. A lot like. Shiii-art. And I wouldn't be caught dead in public with someone who looks like that. Let's go to the D's!



Jake: No. You can leave.



Walks in to bathroom



Amir: Alright fine. WAIT NO THE BLACKHOLE!!



Iris by Goo Goo Dolls plays for 2 seconds of credits

													

														[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks. Amir is listening to his headphones, bouncing his head to the music, playing air guitar, and making a silly face. Jake is ignoring him.]



(Amir starts chatting with Jake on AIM.)



AMIR: lol.



(Jake winces.)



AMIR: Roflmao.



AMIR: I probably look like such a drok.



AMIR: *dork*



(Jake starts responding to Amir in the chat.)



JAKE: i'm not looking at you so. its fine.



AMIR: i'm rocking out that's all



JAKE: k



AMIR: Pretty hard though.



AMIR: Pick your head up if you're interested.



AMIR: are you?



JAKE: im not.



AMIR: Whenever I'm having a bad day, or feeling down about something, I know that feeling is always fleeting because soon i'll be back at my desk, sitting across from my best friend, and just -- everything is perfect again. You fix everything by just being here.



AMIR: LOL



JAKE: god



JAKE: please tell me that's a song lyric



AMIR: it is



JAKE: good



AMIR: but it's a song I recorded about you.



(Jake recoils in annoyance and exasperation. Amir continues staring blankly at Jake.)



JAKE: im gonna block you



JAKE: sorry



JAKE: lata



AMIR: WAIT! I was gonna ask you if you had any vending machine tokens. ME WANT A SNACK!



AMIR: ME HAVENT EATEN IN DAYS ROFLMAO



JAKE: vending machine tokens...



JAKE: you mean coins?



AMIR: All's I know is that I need 75 vending machine dollars to git a kit kat.



JAKE: you can use coins to buy anything you know. theyre not vending machine specific.



(Amir laughs at the apparent ridiculousness of Jake's claim.)



AMIR: Yeah, okay. So I can walk into a mcdonalds, put these metal disks into the guy at the counter, and he'll spit mcnuggets into my mouth I guess?!



JAKE: gross



JAKE: im afraid to ask, are you joking?



AMIR: Yup!



JAKE: cool



JAKE: so you know how many cents are in a dollar



AMIR: Fo sho.



JAKE: fo sheezy



JAKE: how many though



AMIR: FO SHEEZY



JAKE: how many



AMIR: brb bathroom.



(Amir leans over to look in his bag. Jake looks to see what he's doing.)



AMIR: 1,000



(Amir laughs and bobs his head to the music.)



END.







OUTRO:



(Amir is listening to his song that he recorded about Jake, mouthing the words: When You're Having a Bad Day.)



AMIR (RECORDING): Sittin across from my best friend, and just -- everything is perfect again. You fix everything by just being here.

													

														[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks.]



JAKE: God, I have so much work.



AMIR: Who has two thumbs, and doesn't give a shit? That guy, you, specifically. (pointing at Jake with his thumbs.)



JAKE: Got it. That's not how that works, though, so please be quiet for a little bit?



AMIR: (loudly, flipping his lips up and down with his finger) SOOOOORYYYYYY--



JAKE: That's worse, shut the fuck up!



(Pat walks by, looks over at Amir's desk, and then back to Jake.)



PAT: Jake, who are you talking to?



JAKE: It's Amir, he's annoying me.



PAT: (sighs) You know, it was funny when you first got here; now it's just weird.



JAKE: What are you talking about?



PAT: Jake, Amir Blumenfeld died the day before you were hired. (The camera cuts back to Amir, who is smiling.) There's nobody there! (gesturing at Amir's desk)



JAKE: Amir?



(The camera cuts to Amir's desk, now empty. Suspenseful music starts to play.)



JAKE: Pat?!



(The camera cuts to Jake's side of the desk, showing Pat gone as well.)



PAT: (getting up from the floor) Yeah, sorry; just dropped my pen. Ah, you're nuts though. Get your shit together. I'm going home. (Walks off.)



AMIR: (now visible) That was weirddddd.



JAKE: You're not real; you're not really here.



AMIR: (smiling) I'm very real.



JAKE: You're dead.



AMIR: I'm your best friend.



JAKE: (getting up) Ok I'm gonna go... (runs away from his desk, Amir's desk shown empty in the shot.)



(Jake is running though the hallway when Amir runs on and tackles him.)



JAKE: (falling to the floor alone) AHH!



JAKE: (being dragged by Amir) Gah DaaHHHHH!! (Amir's creepy smiling face is shown in a closeup shot.)



JAKE: (being dragged by nothing) Help me Sarah!! SARAAAHHHH!!!



SARAH: (working at her desk, lifts up one headphone) Shh.



(Dramatic thriller music starts playing.)



JAKE: (sitting up, Amir coming behind him, about to bite his shoulder) God get off of me!!! (Amir bites flesh out of Jake's shoulder) AAHHHH!!!



(Jake stands up, blood spurting from his shoulder, still screaming in pain.)



(Jake wakes up at his desk with a start.)



JAKE: UGH!! Sarah... I just had.. the most AWESOME dream ever, Amir was dead-- (notices a bloody spot on the shoulder of his shirt) Ahhh, w-- Jesuuus.



SARAH: (spinning around in her chair to face Jake) Oh, yeah, Amir was like gnawing on you earlier?



AMIR: (sitting at his desk across form Jake) Sah-ree.



END.







OUTRO:



[Continuing the shoulder-eating scene.]



(Amir cackles, breaking character, and the camera zooms in on Jake's fake gory shoulder. Jake is laughing.)



AMIR: Alright, my teeth hurt!



CAMERAMAN: That's awesome.



JAKE: Did it look good? I had my eyes shut. (laughs)







THE INDIEMOGUL EDIT HAS A BONUS SCENE AT THE END. THIS IS IT:



[Jake and Amir are standing in front of their desks, talking to the camera.]



AMIR: Uh, we're Amir and Jake, from amirandjake.com, and--



JAKE: jakeandamir.com



AMIR: (to Jake) What're you--



JAKE: (to Amir) It's a free plug for the website; get it right.



AMIR: (to the camera) And then if you wanna know how this shirt (gesturing at Jake's shirt, the one that Jake was wearing when Amir bit off a chunk of Jake's shoulder) got made, then go to theirsite.com--



JAKE: No, if you wanna know how the build got made, go to IndieMogul.com and subscribe. That's.. what you're supposed to say--



AMIR: Ok also, go to Jake Hurwitz's,-- JakeHurwitz.com, that's his blog, it's so funny. (to Jake) Tell them about it, how- they-



JAKE: (laughing, breaking character) What are you doing?



AMIR: What? It's funny?



(Jake laughs. Amir joins in.)

													

														(Jake and Girl sitting on couch)



?GIRL: Are you . . . ticklish??



JAKE: Let's find out. ?



GIRL: (gasp) What was that?!?



JAKE: Uh, nothing. 



?GIRL: No, it's not nothing.?



JAKE: It was.?



GIRL: No, listen...again.



?JAKE: Yeah, no. ?



GIRL: Yeah! What is that???



(Girl goes to investigate)



JAKE: Uh, come back. Don't investigate! It was just a cat!?



GIRL: Oh my god! I love cats! One time my cat ate pizza, isn't that silly? (sees Amir) OH MY GOD! 



?AMIR: You're going to die now! ?



(Girl screams and runs out) ?



JAKE: You're not, it's fine. ?



AMIR: (in hallway) Sup? (by Jake) Sup??



JAKE: Why'd you do that?



?AMIR: Works every time!



?JAKE: I know it works every time, I'm asking you why you do it every time. ?



AMIR: I crushed my skull trying to bench press a TV, and died instantly. Why don't you cut my some slack?! 



?JAKE: You haven't answered my question.



?AMIR: Whoa, hold on a second, I'm going to put on the SyFy channel. I think there's a special on ghosts...like me! 



?JAKE: Well, if you're going to watch SyFy, you should probably at least pay for half the cable. 



?AMIR: Whoa, pizza!



?JAKE: My pizza!?



AMIR: I'm not even having some of the slices, just picking off some of the 'ronis. 



JAKE: I see what you're doing and I still don't want you to do that. And how come you can pick off pepperonis with your hands but they go right through dishes when it's your turn to wash them? How does that work? 



?AMIR: How about, I already feel bad about it so don't make me feel worse. 



?JAKE (on phone): Hey! Sorry, that was my roommate, he's trying to scare me--?



AMIR: (spits) Ah, god, they're gross and greasy.  ?



JAKE: You're gross.?



AMIR: You're greasy.?



JAKE (on phone): Yeah, you can come back, see you soon.?



AMIR: Why are you inviting her back if you know what I am going to do??



JAKE: I don't know! Because I guess I'm asking you not to. 



AMIR: OK, how about this: you call her back right now and tell her to go f**k herself--?



JAKE: Nope.?



AMIR: --and I'll pay you back for half of this DVD that I just "accidentally" broke.?



GIRL: Jake? 



AMIR: (chuckles) Too late! 



?JAKE: OK, don't! ?



GIRL: Is he gone?



JAKE: Uhh...



GIRL:  (screams)??



TO BE CONTINUED... 



http://www.collegehumor.com/video/3719692/my-super-not-chill-ghost-roommate-ep-1 

													

														(Amir is typing on a laptop)?



AMIR: (sings) And time, can do so much--



JAKE: (walks in) What are you doing??



AMIR: Ah-ow...One second, your computer is messed up, I'm just trying to fix it.



?JAKE: OK, get up.  ?



AMIR: OK, one second, I think I legit fucked something here--



JAKE: OK, so get up!



?AMIR: FINE! Jeez louises, enjoy! All right? Have fun. 



JAKE: What is this?!



AMIR: Sometimes when I get nervous I start sweating this goo thing, I gue- I dunno, I think you're making it worse though. 



JAKE: Disgusting! Why are you on my computer in the first place? 



AMIR: I already told you, I have a gay-ass Dell desktop computer and my dad won't buy me a new one because I DIED! Argh! Is that a MacBook or a MacBook Pro? 



JAKE: How about you just leave? 



AMIR: Something tells me you won't be very pissed when you check your Facebook status update. I changed it.



JAKE: Really? Why don't you just get me a towel?! Right now!



?AMIR: Did you check yet? It's fly as shit.



?JAKE: No, I haven't and I don't want you going on my Facebook any--?



AMIR: It says, "I'm at the gym, hooking up with a hottie. Hit up the cell."



JAKE: Awesome.



?AMIR: So...(laughs) ?



JAKE: (takes towel) Thank you. 



AMIR: Oh, but I said it 'cellie',  which is like a new, cool way of saying it. Remember I told you to say it like that last week.?



JAKE: Why are you still here?! ?



AMIR: I told you, I choked on a golfball 12 years ago, and I can't leave!?



JAKE: No, I mean, why are you still in my room?



?AMIR: OK, I guess I think I know when I'm not wanted. 



JAKE: Don't just turn invisible, I know you're still here. 



AMIR: Oh! Let me make you one of my patented smoothies! They are re-donkey-lips. (goes to kitchen) 



JAKE: Did you download Kazaa? ...I thought this was dead, like you. 



AMIR: (making the smoothie) Is this too loud?



JAKE: Yes. 



AMIR: Oh my ghost! (sniffs) Ah, this is insane. Come here and smell it, unless you can smell it from over there. Can you smell it from there, is that why you're not coming here?  OK, give me a dollar to drink this? I'm just going to do it and you're going to owe me a buck. You're fine with straight owing me cash? ...OK, I did it. (pours it on floor) OK, so dollar right there and uh, I'll just take it from the twenty that I borrowed from you earlier. Remember? Jake, are you-are you pissed at me? 



THE END.



http://www.collegehumor.com/video/3722765/my-super-not-chill-ghost-roommate-ep-2 

													

														Jake and Amir are sitting on a couch in Jake's apartment.







JAKE: Okay, today is the most important day of our lives.



AMIR: FUCKING VOTE ALREADY!!!



JAKE: Don't... swear, but that's the correct message. Everybody needs to vote.



AMIR: I don't care if you're white or black, if you're 9 or 90, just go-



JAKE: Well you can't... you can't be 9.



AMIR: You can be 9, I was 9. Still not convinced?! Call Jake at (917)-446...



JAKE: No, don't... what are you, what are you doing?



AMIR: ...9701. And then that's it.



JAKE: You can't give my phone number out. You know, don't tell me 

your vote doesn't count because you live in California or Texas...



AMIR: Or France or Iraq, just please go out-



JAKE: It might not... it might not count if you live those places because you have to be an American citizen.



AMIR: This isn't an American election. This is a global election. Everybody-



JAKE: It sounds... it sounds smart but I know it's not because you don't mean it as a metaphor. Today is the day, this is it-



AMIR: Whoever gets the most votes wins. Straight up. (Jake shakes his head) It's that simple. Who you voting for Jakey?



JAKE: Well, it's personal I'm not gonna-



AMIR: I'm gonna tickle it out of you! (tickling Jake)



JAKE: Don't touch me!! 



Silence.



AMIR: Fine. V-O-T. Vote!



JAKE: E. 



AMIR: E. Votey. 'sup votey? It's your birthday.



JAKE: V-O-T-E vote. Everybody has a voice.



AMIR: Can't speak, can't vote. Straight up. 



JAKE: That's... not what I meant so...



AMIR: You only get one vote in your whole life. One! Make it count!



JAKE: That's not even close to being true. Why are you still watching this video?! Go vote!



AMIR: Vote for president! Vote for American Idol! We don't care, just vote! Anything!



JAKE: No, well... vote for... vote for president though.



AMIR: Okay, you want four more years of Taylor Hicks?



Black screen.



JAKE: Hey look, promise me you'll take the number out. 



AMIR: Yeah for sure. Nobody, hey listen to me, nobody will know your phone number. 



917-446-9701 Call Now! flashes repeatedly.



JAKE: Okay, thanks. 



Jake slaps Amir on the leg, Amir is obviously in pain but makes no sound.



JAKE: Get out of my apartment now.

													

														[Jake and Amir are sitting at a table at a restaurant.]



AMIR: I'm not mad.



JAKE: You don't have a reason to be, so.



AMIR: Yeah, well we passed by two McDonald's on the way here?



JAKE: I remember, you tried- yeah, you tried to run into them.



AMIR: Yeah, well, lucky for you, I came prepared to this little shit hole, so. (Holds up a box of Chicken McNuggets.)



JAKE: Looks empty.



AMIR: (opening the box) What the hell? How did I already eat them?



JAKE: There's one in your mouth now.



AMIR: (taking a McNugget out of his mouth) Agh, God, that was weird. (laughs)



JAKE: Will you please put those away? I'm trying to teach you to eat like a regular person.



AMIR: Ok well regularly I eat forty to ninety McNuggets a day.



JAKE: Just look at the menu, ok? Just see if there's anything you can eat that's not a nugget.



AMIR: These prices are obscene! It's like $8.95 for a sandwich!



JAKE: You pay a dollar off the Dollar Menu for a nugget, right?



AMIR: Yeah..



JAKE: How many packs a day do you buy?



AMIR: ..Twenty..



JAKE: (stuttering in frustration) K well- th- what're you-



AMIR: I mean but they're only a dollar each!



JAKE: Exactly! It's...



AMIR: (high-pitched voice) Achekekedichediditee! (laughs)



JAKE: (surprised) I.. I didn't.. understand that one.



AMIR: I said, I think I'm going to sneeze, but then it went away. So.



JAKE: Did you say the whole thing? Like I'm gonna sneeze but then it went away?



AMIR: Nah, I said I think I'm gonna sneeze, and then (sneezes)



(Jake recoils in disgust.)



AMIR: (holding a penny) Whoa! A dime! A straight-up dime came out of my nose. (laughs)



JAKE: That's disgusting.



AMIR: (laughing) A ten cent piece came out of my nose!--



JAKE: That's a penny.



AMIR: Oh, okay. Either way, I'm paying for dinner tonight.



JAKE: It's.. one cent. So you're not.--



AMIR: Is it? Ok yeah. Well that's- that's what came out. Who knows what's still in there. Tickle my nose. (stretches his mouth up and down, exposing his nostrils)



JAKE: I'm not.. I don't wanna tickle your nose.



AMIR: Alright.



JAKE: Let's just make normal conversation that doesn't make me wanna throw up.



AMIR: Ok, fine. Uhhh... How is.. your.. motherrrrr...- I mean I don't wanna talk about stuff like that, it's boring!



JAKE: ...



AMIR: ...Dinner tonight?



(Jake gestures around, puzzled and frustrated by Amir's question.)

													

														JAKE: Hey, question.



AMIR: One second.



JAKE: No. Did you delete all my computer files? 



AMIR: Ugh, I so do not want to answer that question. 



JAKE: Why?



AMIR: Because like, either way I'm an asshole. 



JAKE: Just one way, really. 



AMIR: OK, let's say I say yes. I did delete all your computer files, then I'm like a big meanie, so.



JAKE: The other way?



AMIR: I guess the other way would be like, all right, no, I didn't delete any of your computer files, then it's like, ooo...I'm the asshole who deleted all your computer files and then lied about it to cover it up or something. Just-



JAKE: Gotcha.



AMIR: (high pitched) You're damned if you do, damned if you don't. (normal voice) You're damned if you do, damned if you don't.



JAKE: (along with Amir) -if you do, damned if you don't.  All right, but you did. 



AMIR: Yes, absolutely.



JAKE: (sighs)



AMIR: Or should I say, absol-fruit-ly. 



JAKE: I think absolutely works.



AMIR: OK, more so.



JAKE: Oh, you broke my keyboard too, huh?



AMIR: Yeah, I did that one fo' sho'.



JAKE: Fo' sho', fo' sho'.  How would you feel if I broke your computer?



AMIR: I mean, honestly, I might straight up murder you. 



JAKE: OK, so you understand that it's annoying--



AMIR: Did you fucking touch my computer?



JAKE: No. That's an example like--



AMIR: Answer the question, bitch! Did you touch my computer or not?



JAKE: I said I didn't, OK? I was saying 'if' just--



AMIR: All right, OK, you know, sorry, I'm just going to go outside, 5 minutes, I'm going to cool off, I'm going to come back, you're going to apologize, everything is going to be fine again.  



JAKE: I'm not apologizing. I didn't do anything, so...



AMIR: All right, take a walk with me right now!



JAKE: I'm not-I'm not going anywhere, OK? I have to stay here and try to recover my files. 



AMIR: Those files are gone. OK, trust me. 



JAKE: Well, I backed them up recently so...



AMIR: Yeah, on an external hard drive, right? Yeah, I broke that too, so please! Are you really not coming on a walk with me?



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcQl0gpXrwM

													

														[Jake, Amir, Sarah and Jeff are playing Monopoly in the office] 



Amir (rolls dice): Snake eyes, bitches! 



Jeff: It's not even your turn. 



Jake: And this is not snake eyes. 



Amir: Okay.



Sarah: Did you bring your own dice? 



Amir: Always bring your own dice, right? 



Jake: Never bring your own dice, take them away. 



(Amir blows on the dice in Jake's hand, Jake drops the dice) 



Amir: Ooh! Snake eyes, bitches! 



[Jump cut] 



Amir: Alight, am I the car, or the doggy wearing the hat inside of the thimble? 



Jake: Which one- Which one did you insist on being in the beginning? 



Amir: The dog-hat-thimble. 



Jake: Okay. 



Amir: But I don't know if we switch every turn. Like, sometimes I move the iron. 



[Jump cut] 



Amir (rolls dice): Chance. Whoa! Instant win. That's a pretty chill card. 



Jake (takes the card from Amir): Go directly to jail. 



Amir: Yeah right, ha! What did I do to deserve that? 



Jake: Well, you're eating my hotel right now, for starters. 



Amir (spits out a hotel piece): So right off the bat, okay, no more jail I'm thinking. And then, that's fine. 



Jake: Thinking, you are in jail. You roll doubles and you're out though, so it's not a big deal. 



Amir (spits out the dice): Whoa! Snake eyes! 



[Jump cut] 



Amir (moving his pieces): Whoa! St. James and a hotel. I will take it. 



Jake: I already own it. 



Amir: Oh, okay. So... 



Jake: So, that's $950. 



Amir: Or, what if I give you $20 real money, and - 



Jake: 40. 



Amir (giving jake money): 40. Okay. 



[Jump cut] 



Amir (pointing at Uncle Pennybags on the board): Jake, you look like this guy. laughs... Jeff, you look like this guy. laughs... Sarah- 



Sarah: Stop! 



Amir: Okay... You look like this guy though.. So... Who thinks I look like this guy? 



(Sarah scoffs)



[Jump cut] 



Amir (laying down his cards): Full house ladies! Read 'em and weep-sauce. 



Jake (laying down his cards): Ooh. Four of a kind, so... 20.



Amir: Sheesh... What? 



Jake: That's $20. 



Amir (gives Jake $20): This game is so fun. 



[Jump cut]



Amir: Alright, I'm gonna build a house on chance, and now me and Jake are neighbours. 



Jake: You can't do that. You can't- You can't own chance. 



Amir: That's beautiful. 



[Jump cut] 



Amir (moving his pieces): Ah sheesh, Boardwalk. 



Jeff: You owe me $2000. 



Amir (counting out bills): Okay, not a problem. 20, 40, 60- 



(Amir pushes the board around, throwing the pieces everywhere. Everybody else gets up and leaves) 



Amir: W-w-wait! Let's play Monopoly. 



Jeff: That was Monopoly! 



Amir: Was it?

													

														JAKE: Okay, you know why I called you in here?



AMIR: Because you don't know where your wallet is.



JAKE: (Reaches for wallet) No, I have - Damn it! 



Amir pulls out Jake's wallet 



JAKE: I want you to sign up for a dating service.



AMIR: Okay, I'm not interested, so. Let's play Snood!



JAKE: No, no, no, no. I don't care if you're interested or not, okay. I need you to leave me alone. Meet new people.



AMIR: Okay.





AMIR: Username! "JakeAndAmir".



JAKE: God, fine.



AMIR: Password. Turn around...



Jake hides his eyes with his hand.



AMIR: How do you spell your mom's maiden name?



JAKE: It's "Krick".



AMIR: (yelling) I know what it is! I wanna how to spell it.



JAKE: Well, I'll put it in.



AMIR: Okay, but close your eyes.



Jake closes his eyes while typing.





JAKE: Okay, relationship status.



AMIR: Single and ready to tingle.



JAKE: Mingle, I think you mean.



AMIR: No, no, no, I wanna get like a tingly sensation when I meet a girl. It just shows that maybe she's the one for me.



JAKE: That's kind of nice.



AMIR: AKA a boner.



JAKE: AKA a, okay.



AMIR: A bone-sauce.



JAKE: Gross.





JAKE: How often do you drink?



AMIR: Never.



JAKE: You never drink alcohol?



AMIR: Oh alc- I thought it meant water.





JAKE: Okay, your height.



AMIR: Put "two feet and nine inches".



JAKE: What?



AMIR: Because I have two feet, (wiggling his fingers, high-pitched voice) and nine inches!



JAKE: So you think your fingers are inches, but you only have nine of them.



AMIR: Yeeee-no.





JAKE: Eye color.



AMIR: Blue.



JAKE: Nope.



AMIR: Okay. Oh, I thought you said "hair".



JAKE: Still no.



AMIR: Okay. I thought you said "sky".



JAKE: Closer.





JAKE: Alright, distance you want your match to be.



AMIR: Okay, whatever, dude. Love knows no bounds, right? Like as long as they're in New York City though.



JAKE: Okay so--



AMIR: Love is- like if they're within 3 miles of me, love is boundless.



JAKE: Got it. So 3 miles.



AMIR: But, they have to be close because (hugs Jake) I'm a cuddler--



JAKE: Get--!





JAKE: Alright. Interests. What do you do for fun?



AMIR: I mean, my cousin owns a laser tag place in Queens.



JAKE: Okay, so laser tag.



AMIR: Wuwait, no. For fun, we rummage through the kids' backpacks while they're playing laser tag and we look for juice.



JAKE: ...



AMIR: Once we find the juice, we drink it.



JAKE: Stop there.





JAKE: How often do you work out?



AMIR: Never ever, ever!



JAKE: Kay, well I'll put "never" cause there's no--



AMIR: Wuwuwait. I want to imply that I never will.





JAKE: Okay, describe your education.



AMIR: K through! (pretends to shoot basketball)



JAKE: K through 12?



AMIR: No no no, I went through kindergarten and then I was through.





JAKE: What race best describes you?



AMIR: Easy. Asian, cuz, I'm good at math.



JAKE: Okay. I'm just- I'm gonna put that you're racist.



AMIR: Okay.





JAKE: Okay. I think we're done. We just need to upload a picture of you.



AMIR: Oh, yo yo yo yo, check this one out. It's my favorite picture of me.



Amir shows Jake a picture on his phone.



JAKE: Eugh.



AMIR: It's from the laser tag place.



JAKE: Yeah, you are covered in juice.



AMIR: (Laughs) Yeah, I'm still sticky.



JAKE: I smell it. I can smell it. Was that recently?



AMIR: Yeah, it was like two weeks ago. Three weeks ago.



END.													

														EPISODE



Amir - Jake.



Jake - No.



Amir - So let's say that a-



Jake - NO.



Amir - SO LETS SAY-



Jake - Nonononono



Amir - So let's say



Jake - No.



Amir -  that aliens came down to earth and said that "We'll allow you to transport from one place to another easier, but, every year at random, we'll kill 50, 000 of you." Would you do it?



Jake - Would I do- No.



Amir - And yet that's what gangs are. So how does that?



Jake - You mean cars.



Amir - Huh.



Jake - The story is, that's what cars are.



Amir- (laughs) Yeah, cars kill people. You know, I think a car tried to mug me yesterday.



Jake - Never mind.



Amir - (laughs) Oh my god Jake, watch out car!



Jake - People say that so...



Amir - (says to everyone) Guys, Jake thinks that cars rob people.



Jake - Ok, so how do gangs make it easier to get from one place to another?



Amir - What?



Jake - Remember, that was part of the whole alien thing.



Amir - First of all, aliens don't exist because A, I thought they did once and I was convinced they were going to kill me so B, my dad put me into a mental hospital for three months and C they convinced me that in fact, aliens don't exist while D-



Jake - You were in a mental hospital?



Amir - Every hospital is a mental hospital, so you were probably in one too.



Jake -  But yeah, but you were, you were in a legit insane asylum.



Amir - Yeah for treee months. (holds up 3 fingers).



Jake - Wow, I don't like learning things that make me sad.



Amir - Ok... Sign my facebook wall for a second because I want to see if it works.



Jake - It works.



Amir - Well, sign it again.



Jake - I never signed it before.



Amir - Sign it twice then.



Jake - I'm not going to sign it once.



Amir - Because you're going to sign it twice.



Jake - No, because I'm working.



Amir - Because you're working on signing it twice.



Jake - No, I'm working on-



Amir - Wait, hold on a second (answers phone). Hello? Oh my god Jake, I think a car tried to rape my mom. (laughs)



Jake - You're an idiot.



Amir - Hold on, she was actually in a car accident so one second.



EPISODE LINK



Checklist for Episodes 

													

														(Amir) So he's all like Freeze! gun impression Shoots me in the forehead and I'm all like OHHHH my brain and it hurts so hard, I can barely even talk anymore, and I'm like...



(Jake) What are you... What are you saying?



(Amir) My play, I'm telling you my play, A tranquil day in the park



(Jake) ...Ok, can you shut up? I'm trying to go through intern resmues



(Amir) Ha. You go...  you go through those...



(Jake) Yep



(Amir) Kool Kool, kool kool, kool kool...



(Jake) AND I just got to yours



(Amir) Cool...



(Jake) You know you already work here right?



(Amir) Is this the interview?



(Jake) No.



(Amir) (Jumps away)...(Comes back wearing a jacket) - Hi



(Jake) Hello?... So you want an unpaid internship here?



(Amir) Hmmm, my biggest weakness? Great question!



(Jake) Didn't ask you that



(Amir) Probably that I work too hard (Starts to put on tie)



(Jake) You don't



(Amir) Also I lie a lot to people



(Jake) You know lets take a look at your resume... No employment history but it says you can eat foil.



(Amir) If necessary



(Jake) It's not, it's not ever necessary.



(Amir) (Adjusts glasses)



(Jake) Oh! Under goals you put learn enough to one day start your own website.



(Amir) Yyeeeaahhh. So that's pretty good!



(Jake) Course you didn't really put that you wrote threesome



(Amir) Right! Ok. Yea



(Jake) You drew a pretty graphic picture...



(Amir) Yea that sounds, ok that sounds more familiar



(Jake) Hey! I'm one of your references so lets call Me and see what I think!



(Amir) ARRH Nneear, You don't... Are you gonnaaaaarrrhh  fffffme! (Jake holds phone) Ok! Ummm...



(Jake) It's ringing!



(Amir) If he's not there just don't leave a message



(Jake) (To himself) Hello? Hi, Jake? Yea? 



(Amir) Gorsh dammit! 



(Jake) (To himself) Excuse me, what do you think of Amir Blumenfeld?



(Amir) Jake hang up!



(Jake) (To himself) Oh he's incompetent, terrible



(Amir) Nah Nah hang up!



(Jake) (To himself) Really? Yea he's, ummm straight up - worst employee ever! Ok. Thanks for your time. No problem. (Hangs up both phones)



(Amir) What did he say?



(Jake) It wasn't good.



(Amir) sighs he's probably...uh he jokes around....



(Jake) BUT BUT! I'm willing to take a chance on you. Keep in mind this is a demotion, but you got an unpaid internship here!



(Amir) NNGG! Yea! I'm going to show you, I'm going to earn that job that I lost by taking this internship! SHHHHH!



(Jake) Ok, first task! Don't talk to me for the rest of the day! 



(Amir) Done!..... Any foil you're interested in me eating sir?

													

														EPISODE



Carpenter: Guys, welcome to the studio. Thank you so much for coming. We're going to learn some carpentry today.



Amir: Yeah! Let's make some carpets, WOO!!



Carpenter: Awesome, well welcome Amir. Thanks for coming.



Amir: Yeah, well I'm here and I'm not leaving, so ok.



Carpenter: You don't have to leave at all.



Amir: 'Cause even if you tried, you wouldn't be able to.



Carpenter: Oh... I don't want to make you leave.



Amir: You couldn't even force me out even if you wanted to because I'm too strong, so...



Carpenter: Too strong? Well... I have a drill!



Amir: (laughs and then starts screaming at carpenter while Jake holds him back)



(Carpenter is showing Jake how to cut a piece of wood)



Carpenter: Alright Jake, what you want to do is measure this to exactly 12 inches, ok.



Amir: No, nobody does exactly 12 inches anymore. (cuts wood without measuring) You eye-ball it and then you have... This is like close enough I think...



Jake: It's 15.



Amir: Ok, 15 but remember this isn't like rocket science, we're just making carpets, right.



Carpenter: No, carpentry.



Amir: Ok, where's Pat? I want to try and saw his arm off, like (makes saw noise).



(Carpenter is showing Amir how to drill into a piece of wood)



Amir: Can I trace my hand in the wood before we start?



Carpenter: No I, I wouldn't.



Amir: That's what separates you from me. (proceeds to drill)



(Carpenter and Jake are talking)



Amir: Are you clowns almost done with this part? (returns with a bloody bandaged hand)



Amir: Does anyone want to split a soda with me? (about to split a can of soda in half with a saw)



(Carpenter showing Jake where to drill a hole in Amir's piece of wood)



Carpenter: Just, right in the center of the X like, right in the middle of the palm. (bloody imprint of Amir's hand)



Amir: (laughs) Are you guys light-headed?



(Amir is swinging a long plank of wood back and forth while standing in 

front of Pat while he ducks repeatedly)



Amir: Oh Jake, I thought of that game I wanted to rent. It was called uh... Sheesh. What was it called... I think it was called Doom. (Pat) Will you stop ducking, I'm trying to hit you!



(Jake just finished sanding something)



Carpenter: Jake, that turned out really well, man-



Amir: Yeah, well watch this one. All I have to do is sand it- (all the wood pieces drop to floor) Ah, ok. Sh-  It's fine, it's next to my 3 piece dresser drawer. (points to pile of wood)



(Jake and Carpenter are working)



Carpenter: Wait, where's Amir?



Jake: I don't-



Amir: (Amir is behind them, dangling from the ceiling) Guys. 



Carpenter: Oh my god.



Jake: What are you doing?



Amir: Can you build me a ladder super quick?



Jake: How did you get up there?



Amir: Ah, why does it matter. I'm up here and the fact of the matter is, my hand really hurts so could you just BUILD ME A FUCKING LADDER AND HELP ME GET DOWN.



EPISODE LINK 



Checklist for Episodes

													

														[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks. Amir is using his cell phone.]



AMIR: Uhhh, just texting... texting texting texting.



(Jake ignores him.)



AMIR: Jake. Texting.



JAKE: Yup.



AMIR: Texting. Is this thing on?



JAKE: Cool.



AMIR: I'm texting.



JAKE: Got it.



AMIR: Using T9.. (silly inarticulate voice) the terminator.



JAKE: What?



AMIR: Sorry if my texting is bothering you..



JAKE: Your TALKING is bothering me.



AMIR: Sorry, then I'll just sit here and text, I shall tiaxt. (high-pitched voice) TIAXT WITH MY DIA--



JAKE: Don't!



AMIR: Okay. I'm texting my Twitter-, though. I'm texting my Twitter account--



JAKE: You got a Twitter?



AMIR: Don't act so shocked, you ****************** (three seconds of bleep).



JAKE: That was unnecessarily mean.



AMIR: Sorrow.



JAKE: Do you even know what a Twitter is?



AMIR: (rapping) Let me explain, in a way, you understand, it's a place that--



JAKE: I'll understand words.



AMIR: Alright it's an online place that you keep your secrets.



JAKE: How's that?



AMIR: Basically you like text a website, and it privately stores your information online, like in a lock,, like an online lock box,, like a lock box,, like a loc- Jake remember Alfred Gore?



JAKE: Albert Gore. And I think Twitter's actually--



AMIR: Actually what?



JAKE: ...Actually a great way to keep your secrets. Good call, good call.



AMIR: Would you say it's the best call ever?



JAKE: No..



AMIR: Well would you say that it's the best call ever right now?



JAKE: What's your Twitter's name?



AMIR: Doy-hickey! jakeandamir.



JAKE: Right, you use that for everything.



AMIR: For sure.



JAKE: Not.. saying it's a good thing.



AMIR: But you're saying that it's a thing.



JAKE: ...I guess. I don't,, what does it matter if it's a th- yeah it's a- obviously--



AMIR: Just shut your fat lips and tell me how to spell wenis!



END.







OUTRO:



JAKE: w



AMIR: Slow DOWN!



END.

													

														JAKE: Okay, let me explain  the economic crisis to you so you don't embarrass yourself in another meeting like that.



AMIR: Oh, that was really embarrassing. I think I get everything there's nothing to explain.



JAKE: Okay, it's not about fish. Or ice. Dave Coulier, Dinosaurs...



AMIR: JUST EXPLAIN IT TO ME.



AMIR: So these bangs, they distributed the money...



JAKE: Bangs or banks?



AMIR: What?



JAKE: Bangs or banks, what did you say?



AMIR: What did you say?



JAKE: So a lot of people couldn't pay back these loans.



AMIR: Ohhhhhh, okay. I just remembered where I left my keys this morning.



JAKE: Gah!



AMIR: Ohh, wait. Let me just show you my new cool walk for one second.



JAKE: Dont. You're Twittering.



AMIR: No.



JAKE: Dear Twitter, No idea what Jake is talking about. 



AMIR: You don't know who I wrote that to.



AMIR: No, no, no, thank you.



JAKE: I didn't say thank you.



AMIR: Okay, what did you say?



JAKE: Stock Market.



AMIR: Oh there's just nothing left to do but go to a bar and get drunk, I guess.



JAKE: You're not going to get me to go to a bar.



AMIR: Alright, WHY NOT?



JAKE: Stop freaking out.



AMIR: Okay so like the recession is kinda like this girl from back home. She's cute but not too cute but you like hook up with her when you go home for Thanksgiving but like the subprime mess is like, like an old hoodie...



JAKE: What are you doing?



AMIR: I don't know. Sometimes people say like metaphors and they make sense, right?



JAKE: Not when you say them.



AMIR: How random would it be if I just socked you in the face right now?



AMIR: So you're saying that subprime lend crisis customer default bank responsibility...



JAKE: Those are words that I said but there were other words in between them and they weren't in that order so...



AMIR: So you're saying it's all about the Benjamins, baby?



JAKE: No that's Puff Daddy. No that's the plot of the first Star Wars movie. No that's you trying to speak pig latin. No and that's offensive to Asian people. No, that's the sound of your head banging on wood. No, you're talking about deep fried oreos covered in cake...



AMIR: Wrapped in cake.



JAKE: If you're just going to watch time-lapse videos, maybe you should go back to your desk.



AMIR: Alright, FINE.



JAKE: With you're own computer!



AMIR: Okay, SO SAY THAT.

													

														JAKE: Hi, I'm Jake and this is Amir and we're--



AMIR: Teach your children not to hate. 



JAKE: Well--







JAKE: Hi, I'm Jake and this is Amir and--



AMIR: Please vote!



JAKE: We already did a voting PSA.



AMIR: It's never too late to vote.



JAKE: It is, actually. Now it's too late to vote. 



AMIR: For next election. 



JAKE: It's too early, then. 







JAKE: Hi--



AMIR: Because nobody has to go hungry, unless they want to. But even then, it's like a weird gray area, right? Because at which point do you say--



JAKE: Shut the fu--







JAKE: Hi--



AMIR: I'm Jake. 







JAKE: Hi--



AMIR: (singing) as a kite, I just might, stop to check you out. 



JAKE: OK, done. Stop it. 







JAKE: And we're here to tell you that the deadline to accept submissions--



AMIR: Oh, let's do one where I do a sick-ass cartwheel. 



JAKE: No.



AMIR: OK. 







JAKE: Hi, I--



AMIR: (singing) Baby go on! 







JAKE: Hi, I'm Jake--



AMIR: Let's do one where I have the award. (takes the award from Jake) Give it. 







JAKE: And we're here to tell you that the deadline--



(Amir jumps up and attempts to do a cartwheel)



JAKE: Amir, don't!



AMIR: AHH-OW!







JAKE: We just want to say that the final--



AMIR: Ow. 



(pans out to show Amir sitting on floor by couch holding neck)



AMIR: Oh god, I'm really sorry, I don't want to ruin it, but I (sighs) I really hurt. I'm not happy with this. Hehe, I'm not happy with how it turned out. 



JAKE: Me either. 



AMIR: I know. (chuckles) I'm trying to be a good sport but it hurts a lot. 







(Amir is lying on couch shirtless with his head on Jake's leg)



JAKE: So the final deadline to accept submissions--



AMIR: (muttering and singing) Baby, go on, like a blister in the sun. (chuckles) Ah, sheesh. 



JAKE: Relax, right? You're in pain. 



(Jake pats Amir's head then tries to push him off his leg)



AMIR: OK, y-y-yeah. Ow, hey, I found a perfect spot, don't move me. You can do it, but don't move me.







(Amir and Jake are standing by the door of the room, Amir is still holding his neck with one hand and the award in the other)



AMIR: That was OK. I think we got it. I think we got everything we need. 



(they open the door to leave, Amir heads out first)



JAKE: Yeah, good work. 



(Jake goes to follow Amir, then turns around to face the camera)



JAKE: (softly) Hey, I'm jake, and that was Amir. We just want to say that the final deadline to accept your Webby submissions is December 19th.



(Amir comes back into frame)



AMIR: Who are you talking to?



JAKE: Nobody. 



(Jake leaves the room and Amir slams himself into the door coming back in)



JAKE: Relax! 



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqK83W2Gf_E 

													

														(Sam is sat next to Amir at his desk, unless otherwise noted, Amir is whispering into Sam's ear throughout) 



SAM: Jake!



JAKE: Sam. 



SAM: Sup!? It's Amir. 



JAKE: It's what?



SAM: You said I couldn't talk to you for the rest of the day, and that's fine because Sam is going to speak for me, so...



JAKE: Awesome.  



SAM: Dinnah tonight? I'm thinking--What is she doing here? 



(Jake is now whispering into Sarah's ear)



SARAH: Sarah is going to be talking for me. 



SAM: Ha-ha. Yeah right. 



SARAH: Right. 



SAM: LOL (high pitched) What'd you think you're doing? (cuts quickly to Jake whispering to Sarah before going back) What'd you think you're doing? (normal) Jake, what do you think--



SARAH: --You're doing. Got it. 



SAM: Jake. Jake. Jake. Jake. Jake. Jake--



SARAH: WHAT?



SAM: I just do nay think this ugly b-i-t-c-h should be talking for you, you are way too good looking. Straight up. 



SARAH: Hey! Sarah is the prettiest girl at the office. (pause-Jake whispers again) So, just shut up. 



SAM: Wow, you're just saying that because you have a crush on her. 



SARAH: Ha. No way. 



SAM: So why did you specifically ask to be her Secret Santa this year? (Sam adds under his breath) Really? 



SARAH: Maybe because I didn't. Amir, stop it. 



SAM: And why did you spend all day Sunday finding her a first edition copy of her favorite childhood book: Where ze Wild ziings Aren't? 



SARAH: Where the Wild Things Are. 



SAM: Is it? 



SARAH: And I would never buy that...gay-ass book? 



(Sarah get up and storms over to Sam to whisper in his ear)



SAM: Hey, Jake, don't talk to me for the rest of the week. (pause) Make that ever! You can give that gay-ass book to somebody else! 



(Sarah runs off crying)



AMIR: Wow. That. was. EPIC! (chuckles) Oh my god, Sarah F-T-dub--



SAM: (to Amir) Hey! Hey! Hey! Through me. 



(Amir leans over to whisper to Sam)



SAM: Wow, that was EPIC! 



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jV9HmudF7MA

													

														(Jake is sat between Pat and Amir at a table, Jake remains emotionless throughout)



PAT: Sarah is a big girl, she's going to forgive you, dude. The important thing for you, right now, is to just get her out of your mind.



AMIR: Exactly! Think about something else for once, like about how you made Sarah cry yesterday.  That'll get your mind off of things, ri--



PAT: You're not helping.



AMIR: OK, but I'm not hurting.



PAT:  Yeah, you are. 



AMIR: OK, I meant physically.



PAT: So did I, you're digging your fingernails into Jake's arm. 



AMIR: (lifting Jake's arm) OK, well I'm nervous, I'm sor--



(cut)



PAT: This (puts a 6-pack of beer on the table) is what you need, OK? Look, it's your favorite beer, the one with the--



AMIR: OK, you know what? Every beer is my favorite beer, so send it. How do I open this?



(cut - Pat and amir have begun drinking the beers)



PAT: Jake, I'm telling you. Sarah is not the only girl out there, OK? There's a million pebbles on the beach. 



AMIR: There's a million and sixty pebbles on the beach and you're going to eat all of them, I'm telling you! What is in this? I feel so weird and confident, handsome. 



(cut - Pat is on his second beer, Amir still appears to be only half way through his first but far more inebriated) 



PAT: You know what, dude? If she means that much to you, you just need to talk to her. Call her.



AMIR: Call that bitch up, and cuss that bitch out. Straight up!



PAT: No, that's not what I meant. 



AMIR: OK, well then let me call her, and apologize. (high pitched) 'Cause I just sent her a nasty test mess--(normal) I just sent her a nasty text message from your phone. (holds it up to Pat)



PAT: I can't read that. 



AMIR: What are you drunk or something?



PAT: No. You just don't know how to spell. 



(Amir laughs)



(cut - Amir has finished his beer)



PAT: I'm going to tell you w-what my dad told me, and it's got me through some of the hardest times--



AMIR: (lifts up a vodka bottle) SHOTS!! (laughs)



PAT: (takes bottle) Thank you!



(cut)



PAT and AMIR: (holding up shot glasses and chanting nonsense) 



(cut)



AMIR: I'm scared of death.



PAT: Me too.



(cut)



(Pat and Amir are clinking beer bottles together) 



PAT and AMIR: (singing) Sing us a song, you're the piano man. Sing--



(cut)



AMIR: (wearing cardboard on his head, eyes closed) You know, me and Jake have been best friends for so long, we've never considered asking a third person to join that mix, Mr. Casselios. Also, I pee-peed in me pants. 



PAT: Whoa. You must be drunk.



AMIR: No, I did that before we got in here. I'm just drunk enough to admit it now.



(cut)



PAT and AMIR: (singing into beer bottles) Lady in red, is dancing with me--



(cut)



AMIR: (humping Jake with beer bottle) Pow! Pow! Pow! 



PAT: (looking at his phone) Whoa, stop, stop, stop, stop! Sarah just texted me. 



AMIR: (covering Jake's ears) Oh no, don't let this guy hear!



PAT: She's throwing a party, and guess what? (taps Amir on the head) You're coming with me! 



AMIR: (laughing) Yes, I am! 



PAT: (to Jake) Now I know why you like this guy so much! I get it! 



AMIR: Let's go. Uh, buh-bye.



PAT: Uh-thank you. 



PAT and AMIR: Uh-thank you. Uh-thank you. (they leave, Jake is still sat at the table) 



(blackout)



(Pat and Amir return)



AMIR: Before we forget, I'm really, really sorry, I'm going to have to take this. (grabs vodka bottle) You know how pissed Sarah can get. (laughs) Don't wait up! 



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCzJS8Ryf0w

													

														(from previous episode)



PAT: Stop! Sarah just texted me. 



AMIR: (covering Jake's ears) Oh no, don't let this guy hear!



PAT: She's throwing a party, and guess what? (taps Amir on the head) You're coming with me! 



(caption - THE NEXT MORNING...) 



(Inside Pat's apartment, there's a knock on the apartment door, Pat leaves his room, closing the door behind him, to answer the front door)



PAT: Ah! Hey, Jake! 



(Jake passes Pat and stands in front of the door to his room)



JAKE: Look. I have to know. Did sarah talk to any guys last night?



PAT: No, definitely not! Definitely not. 



(Sarah exits Pat's room, takes a few steps behind Jake and then turns around to go back into the room, door slams)



JAKE: Thank god. (sighs) You know it's- What was that? 



PAT: Ah! A windy breeze blew through the- It's an old apartment--



JAKE: That's fine. This whole Sarah thing is just really getting to me. 



PAT: Sarah thing? 



JAKE: Are you serious? You tried to cheer me up about it last night. 



PAT: Oh! 



JAKE: I'm stressed out because I'm in love with her. Oh my god. 



(Pat's door opens and Amir comes out wrapped in a towel)



PAT: Oh my god!!



(Sarah pulls amir back in) 



JAKE: I'm in love with her. 

AMIR: Jake was just talking mad smack about you, he was all like--



SARAH: Shut up! He can't know I'm here!



AMIR: What's the big deal? I crashed on the couch, you and Pat wrestled or whatever all night. IT WAS AWESOME!



SARAH: SHHH!



JAKE: What was that?



PAT: Uhh, it's the wind, it's this really breezy- I think the structures here--



JAKE: Shut up about the wind! Sorry. It's not you, it's just the thought of Sarah with another guy- (punches Pat's door) You know? (yells)



SARAH: Oh my god, this is awful. 



AMIR: Speak for yourself. (picks up a glass full of change) There's like $3,000 in here, do you know how much money I could buy with that? (begins pouring the coins slowly through the towel, as though hiding them away, they hit the hardwood, making a lot of noise) Shhh.



PAT: (trying to cover the noise) Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! Get mad Jake! Scream! Ahh!



JAKE: Ahh!



PAT: Ahh!



JAKE: Ahh!



PAT: Ahh!



AMIR: AHH!! 



PAT: Keep screaming! 



JAKE: AHH! 



PAT: Scream! AHH!



JAKE: AHH! 



(noise stops)



PAT: How do you feel?



JAKE: Good. Good, that was good.  



PAT: Yeah.



JAKE: Let's chill in your room. (goes for Pat's door)



PAT: Wait! NO! 



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pM9Wu3cz_o

													

														(Jake is by him self at the bar, a girl approaches him)



GIRL: Hey there.



JAKE: Why don't I save you some time and give you Pat's number, so you can go fuck him. 



(girl leaves and Amir pops up in her place)



AMIR: Hey man, you should stop drinking, I mean, that's not going to get Sarah to want to have sex with you. Although, when Pat did it, it helped a lot--



JAKE: Please don't right now. 



AMIR: You should've heard them the other night. They were all just like--



JAKE: (sighs) I don't want to hear that from you. 



(Amir reaches off camera and pulls Sam next to Jake, begins whispering into Sam's ear)



SAM: Oh man, oh man! Amir, get the hell out of here! 



JAKE: (to Sam) Why do you do this? 



SAM: (to Jake) Amir gave me like, promised three thousand dollars.



AMIR: In change, though, so. You know I'm good for that.



(Sam sighs and exits)



AMIR: I mean, didn't beating the shit out of Pat make you feel any better? 



JAKE: Kind of. 



(Sarah enters)



SARAH: Hey, Jake.



JAKE: (turning around to face her) Sarah. 



SARAH: Jake, listen. 



AMIR: Whoa, sleepover tonight?



SARAH: Not now.



AMIR: Right, not now. Let's do it later, but you start getting drunk, I'll start calling Patty. 



SARAH: OK, listen, I have something I have to say. 



(Background noise is muted)



JAKE: You don't have to say anything. Let's just go back to the way we were. 



SARAH: I'd really like that. 



JAKE: I just--



(Girl enters again, background noise comes back)



GIRL: Hey, who's that Pat guy you said I could fuck? 



JAKE: Ah. 



SARAH: Yeah, Jake, who's that Pat guy you said she could fuck?



JAKE: (rapidly, high pitched) It was a joke. It was a joke. (normal) Sarah--



SARAH and JAKE: It was a joke. 



SARAH: Got it. You know what? You and Amir, you are perfect for each other. So why don't you just, hang out together or whatever. 



AMIR: We will! Thank you. Bye. (to girl) Hi, Pat Cassels, do you like wrestling?



(Blackout)



(Pat, with a black eye, is leaving a voicemail)



PAT: Hey, Sarah, umm, it-it's Pat. Umm, again. Ha. Listen. Uh, last night was just, it was  (in Spanish accent) incredible. I know that you just think of it as a one night thing, but I, you know what? I think we should do it, you know, do it . . . I want to date you. I think we should date.  Stead-Go out steadily, we should be- go steady with one another. Also, oh, I want to apologize because for, when, the way Jake reacted, and the way he hit me that night and scared you.  Umm, I didn't- I seemed like you were terrified, that's probably why you were laughing. I'm sorry, I'm rambling, I'm rambling, I'm so, I'm just- I never felt this way before! Anyway, umm, oh. (checks phone) OK, Sarah, I got to go, Amir is calling me. OK, bye. 



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUyPfvnx8g4

													

														INTRO



AMIR: Jake, Jake, Jake, J-Jake, Jake, J-Jake, Jake.



JAKE: Say your own name.



AMIR: And Amir.



JAKE: God.



AMIR: Happy?







(Jake is sitting at desk, Amir wheels in a large wrapped box)



AMIR: (grabbing Jake, rapping) Uhh, happy holidays, and so grab yourself a hoach-gay.



JAKE: I though we said we weren't doing gifts this year.



AMIR: Why not?



JAKE: Because every year you've gotten me something really weird.







(flashback three years ago, Jake and Amir are on couch)



AMIR: So I got you something.



JAKE: Thanks, man.



AMIR: Uh, you know how you told me the story about when your dad was a kid he had a kaleidoscope and it broke?



JAKE: No.



AMIR: Or, uh, he had a kaleidoscope and he lost it in the snow or something?



JAKE: No, that wasn't me.



AMIR: And, like, ever since then you've been trying to find him a kaleidoscope to replace the one that broke?



JAKE: I'm not even sure I know what a kaleidoscope is.



AMIR: (handing Jake small, wrapped cylinder) Anyway, just, just open it, it's gonna shock you to the core.



JAKE: (shaking it, makes broken glass noises) It sounds really broken.



AMIR: Impossible.







(flash forward to two years ago, Amir giving Jake a brown bag filled with cash)



AMIR: So I'm like what do you get the guy that has everything? Why not cash, the gift certificate to anywhere?



JAKE: There's, like, over a thousand dollars in here.



AMIR: Yeah, why? Do you think I stole it?



JAKE: I do now.



AMIR: From an old lady? (Jake sighs, Amir grabs Jake's sweater) This is nice.







(flash forward to last year, Amir is giving Jake a large animal crate)



JAKE: Thanks.



AMIR: Go home and, (taps crate) you'll appreciate this cage more.



JAKE: What?



AMIR: Just go home and, (taps crate) you'll appreciate this cage more.



JAKE: What do you mean? Not what you said.



AMIR: Let me put it in a way you might understand, without giving-



JAKE: Just say it.



AMIR: I got you a wolf.



JAKE: Ugh, Ok.



AMIR: Yeah, and I put it in your apartment.



(Jake sighs)







(flash forward to present, Jake sighs)



AMIR: Ok, just trust me. This year is gonna be different. Just open it, please.



JAKE: Alright.



(Jake rips wrapping paper to reveal cardboard box. Amir pops out of box holding collar.)



JAKE: Ahh! What? How did you- What is that?



AMIR: It's a collar. 



JAKE: For what?



AMIR: For the wolf! For- FTW.



JAKE: I don't have the wolf anymore, Ok?



AMIR: For the- it's FTW, for the wolf.



JAKE: The wolf's dead, they euthanized it in my apartment. You wanna dig it up? For the wolf?



AMIR: For the epic wolf.



THE END



AMIR: (looks at camera) Merry Christmas and happy Hanukkah from Jake and Amir!



JAKE: (looking suspiciously at camera) Who are you talking to?



AMIR: Nobody.



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO Amir - (high pitched) It's Jake and Amir! It's Jake and Amir! (normal) It's--



Amir and Jake - Jake and Amir.



Jake - I got it. 



Amir - OK.







(Jake, Streeter, Pat, Amir and Dan are sat around the camera, That 70's Show style with the getting high scene, Amir seems to be the only one unaffected) 



JAKE: Man, Cheez-its are fucking good. 



STREETER: (chuckling) Have you ever had white cheddar ones, dude?



PAT: Nah, shut up!



AMIR: (fanning away smoke) I've had the white cheddar ones, I mean they're fine. They're just like- (coughs) They're just like regular Cheez-its. 



PAT: No, man, you made me forget what I was talking about, Amir. OK? Oh right, so Han has to go save Le-



STREETER: (laughing) Shut up, dude. No one cares! 



(Jake is laughing, Dan is just munching) 



AMIR: Smells like my uncle's car in here. 



STREETER: Guys, check it out. (impersonating Pat) I'm Pat, I love Yoda. (yoda impression) Get laid, I don't. 



AMIR: Ha, ha. I don't get it. What the hell is going on, you guys? 



PAT: Uh-oh. Someone didn't smoke enough. 



AMIR: Smoke, huh? So you guys are smoking drugs, then? 



DAN: (chuckling) Ha, he called the weed 'drugs'.



AMIR: (on cell) Hi, 911? Yeah, it's Amir. No, Jake's fine. However, my enemies appear to be smoking marijuanas. That's right, real marijuana, and you know what? Could you please a chopper or a car, but let me know which one because I want to know whether I should escort them to the lobby or the roof.   



(Dan takes off) 



JAKE: Amir, relax.



AMIR: Uh, no, they don't appear to be armed. Though I can't be sure . . . Hello?  Hello? (closes phone) OK, they hung up on me 3 minutes ago. 



PAT: Ugh, you're such a wiener, dude. Anyway, Han calls Chewbacca 'Chewy' because they're friends.



AMIR: All right, you know what, forget this! I'm going to McDonald's. 



PAT: Ooo, I could do that. 



STREETER: Uh, yeah.



JAKE: Yo, I could chow down on the D's right now. 



AMIR: Huh, all right. You know what, you guys are awesome! Let's go to McDonald's! And hey, tomorrow, the drugs are on me! 



(Dan is running by in the background)



DAN: We're all going to die!



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jgP5GrHYSk

													

														Amir: What are you doing?  



Jake: Trying to hide from you.  



Amir: That's weird.  



Amir: [rapping] Yo so-  



Jake: DON'T!  



Amir: [rapping] Yo so, when it snows my feet they bleed cuz my shoes have holes  I can nay afford socks-o.  



Jake: Why do you thinly veil these depressing anecdotes in raps? You're still saying it, you know?  



Amir: (making a face)  



Jake: DON'T! I can tell you're gonna rap by the face you're making.  



Amir: [rapping] Sometimes when it's super cold out and raining and stuff, I order chinese food and when it comes I don't tip the guy. I just take the food and kick him in the chest. When he lands on the floor I just lock him out, I don't pay for the food or pay for the tip. I make him regret stuff like his life, his job and shee-ot like that-su.  



Jake: [trying to rap] Oh, yo it's like everything you say is still a thing and it holds weight and it's inappropriate for the work place uh, or anywhere really, you should, or you'll never be kicking anyone in the chest.  



Amir: [rapping] I spent last week in a hospital. What I thought was Flintstones vitamins was actually birth control and I shouldn't have drank the whole botty bottle but I did.  



Jake: I don't think birth control comes in a bottle.  



Amir: [rapping] Oh sheesh ya'll t'was a dream!  



Jake: Was it really?  



Amir: [rapping] Nay, it actually happened and it cost me a lot of grief and money.  



Jake: Are you okay?  



Amir: [rapping] Just a little queasy, I should take it easy.  



Jake: STOP! Do you need to go home?  



Amir: Yeah probably, idk, I still feel a little poisoned. Ya know?

													

														INTRO Jake - Hey, it's Jake and Am--



Amir - (yelling)



Jake - What are you doing?



Amir - Sorry, I freaked out.



Jake - Yeah.







(Jake is in hallway, pounding on apartment door - Amir is just inside by the door)



JAKE: Hello. 



AMIR: Go. Away. 



JAKE: This is MY apartment!



AMIR: (sighs) I knew you'd bring that up! Just leave me the frig alone!



JAKE: (sighs) What did I do? 



AMIR: It's not what you did.  It's what you didn't do. 



JAKE: What didn't I do? 



AMIR: Everything!



JAKE: I didn't do everything?



AMIR: So you freaking admit it!



JAKE: No.



AMIR: HA!



JAKE: What's funny? (pause) Look, what do I have to do for you to let me in? 



AMIR: You know exactly what you need to do. 



JAKE: (sighs)



AMIR: And it's not sighing loudly into the like EVERYTHING I SAY IRRITATES YOU!! 



JAKE: Fine. I'll sign your facebook wall. 



AMIR: Ooo...he's getting warmer. And? 



JAKE: I'll high-five you in front of Pat Cassels. 



AMIR: Ooo...he's on fire. And?



JAKE: I'll send you a nice text message, so you can show it to everybody at work. 



AMIR: Ooo, he's fully clothed in a jacuzzi, he's so warm. AND? 



JAKE: When you ask me questions at work, like 'how random would it be if we both had red, curly hair?' I'll give you legitimate answers instead of just saying 'I don't know'. 



AMIR: How random would it be?



JAKE: (unenthusiastically) God. So random. 



AMIR: Eeeh. Wrong answer. Random as flonk. Bye. (switches light off) 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBzYskiVK-c 

													

														INTRO:



AMIR: Woah, check it y'all, this one's about dinosaurs.



JAKE: They're going to see what it's about in like a second.



AMIR: Okay, fine.





(Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks. Dan walks by, and Amir holds up his cell phone to him)



AMIR: (to Dan) Woah! Text from Jake.



JAKE: Relax.



(Amir clearly has a tissue sticking from his nose.)



AMIR: What? I'm only showing it to people who ask.



JAKE: He didn't ask.



AMIR: Well, he doesn't know!



JAKE: Then like I said before, right? Relax.



AMIR: (Mimicking a New York accent) Ay, I'm trying my best here.



JAKE: Not funny.



AMIR: (Still mimicking a New York accent) Ay.



JAKE: Oh, listen, can I videotape you for one second? My friends back home don't believe you're real.



AMIR: What, too good to be true?



JAKE: (Shaking head) Yeah.



(The sound of the videocamera turning on is heard)



JAKE: (Pointing camera on himself) Hey guys, alright, this is him. This is Amir. Say "Hi", Amir.



AMIR: (Smiling and waving) Hi, Amir.



JAKE: (Pointing camera on himself) He doesn't know that's a joke. Amir, what's 12 plus 28?



AMIR: Trick question.



JAKE: (Pointing camera on himself) It's not.



AMIR: Well, you want me to say 38, but if I answer that then I'm a math nerd. So, I'll say that I don't know.



JAKE: (Pointing camera on himself) You didn't know.



AMIR: (Nodding) Okay.



JAKE: (Pointing videocamera on himself) What's my great-great-uncle's name on my mom's side?



AMIR: You actually have two (shows three fingers (holding up a shocker, though probably unintentionally). The first one was a shoe salesman in Nebraska, Alan G. Summerville. And the second one, Frederick B. Krick, died as an infant, so your mother actually never found out about him.



JAKE: (Pointing camera on himself) And what's your middle name?



AMIR: That is,- I'm unsure about that, but I can get back to you and find out, in less than 10 minutes.--



JAKE: (Pointing camera on himself) Final question. And this one should be really good. Um, what's with that tissue in your nose?



AMIR: The tissue?



JAKE: (Pointing camera on himself) So he doesn't even know.



AMIR: W-(feels tissue in his nose) oh! Oh, my. Okay. (Begins pulling out the tissue, Jake watches in horror) Okay. Woah. This is more than I thought. (Chuckles) Where does it end? (now using both hands to pull out the tissue) I didn't know my nostril was so big, but it's not even ova yet. (Amir continues pulling our more tissue, Jake continues being disguested) This is crazay in my nazay. In my nasal cavity. This is more than I thought. Ha-ha. Woah. Crazy. (the tissue is now more than a foot long, still coming out of his nose) My arms are getting tired. You should even come get the rest out because my arms are too tired to pull-- (JAKE: No) --keep pulling.



(Jake looks incredibly disgusted.)



AMIR: Woah, I think there's a toy soldier at the end of it.



AMIR: (pulling a toy soldier away from his nose with the tissue (actually toilet paper at this point) to which it is attached) Uh, there was. (Chuckles) There was a legit toy soldier. Jake. (Amir uses the toy soldier to shoot at Jake)



(Jake continues looking disgusted and is pointing the camera at Amir.)



AMIR: Don't re-- Don't record this. Just show them the math question.



END.													

														Intro

Amir: It's JAAAAAAAAAAKE and amir.

Jake: I'm doing the next one.

Amir: Fine.



(sitting at their desks, looking at their computer screens)

(Cuts to amir)

Amir: This email you sent me makes no signs whatsoever.

Jake: No signs whatsoever?

Amir: No science whatsoever?

Jake: No signs or no science?

Amir: Oh... Ok.

Jake: Don't act like you get it, cause those are both wrong.

Amir: Holy crapiolli...

Jake: What?

(Linford enters - looks identical to amir but with flat hair and a green sweater on)

Amir: My cousin Linford is here, Jesus...

Linford: Amir..

Amir: Linford.

Linford: I entrust you're doing well at this job, you know it wasn't easy for me to secure that you would have it for the rest of your life.

Jake: Rest...? You guys are cousins?

Amir: Second cousins.

Linford: First cousins.

Amir: Well you're my second first cousin...

Linford: I'm your only first cousin.

(Amir, annoyed)

Amir: And you never shut up.

Linford: Anyway, your mother is worried, you haven't picked up any of her calls...

Amir: What a nervous freak.

Linford: ...for close to six months.

Jake: Wow...

Amir: It's like CUT the umbilical cord already - gosh.

Linford: She even sent the police to your apartment yesterday.

Amir: Yeah well I'm staying at Jakes.

Jake: Where?

Amir: In the closet.

Jake: oh...

Linford: Here, use my phone, call her now.

(Throws phone to Amir who deflects it onto the ground - in the background, the phone clatters on the ground)

Linford: Well your mother lost you once, she wouldn't want to do it again.

Jake: Lost you once?

Linford: Yes, when amir was six he was abducted from a shopping mall, and returned at the age of 11. He had forgotten how to speak.

Jake: I am so sorry...

Linford: He survived on a diet of chicken nuggets.

Amir: Best 5 years of my LIFE.

													

														INTRO:



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and-



Amir: Hey, wait, wait, wait, I'm putting on a mask.



Jake: They can't see you!



Amir: OK, that's what the mask is for.



Jake is sitting at his desk on his computer. Amir crawls on the floor from behind him. Jake does not see him. Amir shoots up from the floor.



Amir: BOO!



Jake: Oh my god!



Amir laughs.



Jake: What is wrong with you?



Amir: What? I was just scaring you. It's a joke.



Jake: [panting] yeah.



Amir: You were legit scared!



Jake: No, um, I'm just freaked out about the hand, you know?



Amir: [confused] What hand?



Jake: You didn't hear about this?



Amir: No.



Jake: There's a crazed axe murderer...



Amir: [worried] No.



Jake: Yeah, I'm serious...



Amir: Yeah right.



Jake: ...He's in an insane asylum and he chopped off his own hand... [pretends to chop his left hand with his right arm]



Amir: [mildly alarmed] Okaaaay stop!



Jake: ...And its missing. They don't know where it is.



Amir: OK, I don't want to think about that.



Jake: Well you don't have to think about it. It's - I mean it's pointless anyway because it's far away [sticks arm inside his blue polo shirt] it's never going to- 



Jake pushes his hand out the top of his polo. Because his arm is inside the shirt, it appears as though the hand is by itself.



Jake: [fake frightened] OH NO!



Amir sees the hand and begins screaming hysterically. He grabs the hand and shakes while he continues screaming. While Jake is yelling, Amir begins to cry.



Jake: [fake frightened] Oh my god! It's headed for us! [grabs his own neck with the hand] Ahhh! [pretends to choke] It's killing me! It's killing me! It's murdering me! It's killing me! [moves hand around his head] I can't kill it! Ah my go- [notices Amir is crying now] ohhh, aw fu...



Jake decides to end the prank. He takes his arm out of his shirt and tries to calm Amir down. Amir is still crying.



Jake: Hey, hey, hey, hey, [shows Amir his arm] it was my hand. It was my... [Jake lets out a pity laugh (this could have been a blooper), then sighs and pulls on his polo] No, no! Look! [Shows Amir the inside of his shirt] Hey! Look at my shirt! There's nothing inside my shirt, right?



Amir has his hands to his face. He is no longer crying, but he is still whimpering. Jake shows his arms to Amir.



Jake: And - and there's no hand. There's no hand. It was my hand all along.



Amir grabs onto Jake and starts hitting him with his right hand. Jake embraces Amir and pats him on his left shoulder.



Amir: [still scared] I hate you! I hate you! I hate you! I hate-



Jake: You're fine, you're fine, you're fine, you're fine, you're fine, you're fine. Come on, you okay? You're fine. [Jake looks up] He's fine!



Cut to 8 co-workers staring confused and awkwardly at Jake and Amir.



Jake: [waving them off] He's fine, He's fine.



Cut back to Jake and Amir, who are hugging each other less tightly. 



Jake: He's a big boy. Smile like a big boy!



Amir smiles widely with his teeth clenched. His eyes are squeezed shut. Jake rocks him gently.



Jake: [Smiling and patting Amir on the back] Smile like a big boy! Huh? You wanna get ice cream?



Amir: [still crying, shakes his head] No.



Jake: No, K, [pats Amir on the shoulder] you're fine, you're gonna be okay. [looks up at the co-workers] He's fine. [waves off co-workers again]



Amir: Boo! [laughs]



Jake: Eh, hahaha! [puts his hands up as if he were surrendering]

													

														INTRO AMIR -  Hey morons, you're watching Jake  Amir.



JAKE - Don't insult them.



AMIR - Sorry, morons







(Amir is sitting at is desk with a girl sitting next to him)



AMIR: Wow



JAKE: Yeah



AMIR: I got a girlfriend and she's amazing. It's just like, wow, it's just like this thing I guess, I don't know.



JAKE: Well, you two actually do look really happy together.



AMIR: That's probably because we are.



JAKE: Well, that's good for you.



AMIR: So



JAKE: Yeah



AMIR: Oh, don't take a photo of us and Photoshop a heart around us and send an email to the company with that photoshopped heart picture with the subject Love Birds.



JAKE: Each of those steps is something I wouldn't do...let alone together.



GIRLFRIEND: 15 more minutes.



JAKE: Huh?



AMIR: Nothing.



JAKE: 15 more?



AMIR: Nothing



JAKE: How long have you guys been going out, by the way?



GIRLFRIEND  AMIR: 6 years.



JAKE: So you rehearsed this, that's good.



AMIR: Ah thank you.



JAKE: Ah not a compliment.



AMIR: (in funny voice) Ah yes it was.



JAKE: Where'd you meet?



GIRLFRIEND  AMIR: The mall.



JAKE: Where'd you go on your first date?



GIRLFRIEND  AMIR: McDonalds



JAKE: How much is he paying you?



GIRLFRIEND  AMIR: 300 dollars.



JAKE: Got you.



AMIR: Ha! If you really got us and we weren't in love, would she really know the answer to that last question? No, and you know why, because...



JAKE: She left.



AMIR: Gorshdamnit



(HUH!)



AMIR: Yo yo, QQ bro can i borrow 3 hundo tomorrow cuz i'm in a low - 



JAKE: Yo bro no go i'm a duhny - 



AMIR: Ha ha don't say no, because i'm in a lot of trouble...yo.



EPISODE LINK

													

														(Amir) This one goes out to anyone who lost someone special in their life...



(Jake) Don't depress people...



(Amir) This is my love song







(Amir) Oh Sheesh! Have you seen my specs?



(Jake) wearing Amir's glasses Specs?



(Amir) My uhh glassisimos, you know? I can't find them anywhere.



(Jake) You wear glasses?



(Amir) Yea I wear glasses, well sometimes... Always! All the time I guess...technically...



(Jakes) Sucks dude, I just got mine today! We could have been Twinsies! 



(Amir) Coulda, Woulda SHOULDA Freak! Arrh sorry!



(Jake) You ok?



(Amir) Yea I just have a headache because of my glasses thing.



(Jake) Oh wow



(Amir) It's the worst thing ever!



(Jake) I know. The one day I wear mine! Sarah come check this out!



(Sarah) Nope



(Jake) sigh Fine!... whatever, stupid...



(Amir) Alright, let me retrace my footsteps. Arr I woke up on the floor this morning and then arrrr we had lunch right?



(Jake) No we didn't



(Amir) Ok and then arrr, you asked to borrow my glasses



(Jake) But then I gave them back!



(Amir) OOooohh right, I think. I don't know, sheesh I'm drawing a blank now.



(Jake) Man, you know my girlfriend in high school made fun of me and said my glasses were nerdy? 



(Amir) You had a GF in HS?



(Jake) Yea, I had three.



(Amir) I had... I had less than three so...



(Jake) So two...



(Amir) So we're tied! I had less than two though.



(Jake) One.



(Amir) One. One less than one.



(Jake) Zero then.



(Amir) Yea, I had zero BUT in college, I also had zero so it's like I'm consistent.



(Jake) I guess I'm just glad you're being honest for once.



(Amir) I've had ten thousand and thirty girlfriends since that.



(Jake) Ok. Urh. Oh hey! Check it out! Found your glasses! 



(Amir) Whoa! Sheesh ya'll! Check this out! Twin city! Populat... where are your glasses?!



(Jake) shrug

													

														INTRO   



AMIR : So, yo, this is like a story about 2 best friends and then..   



JAKE : We're out of time.   



AMIR : Ah sheesh!   







AMIR : (singing Ave Maria)   



JAKE : (entering the room) Hey!   



AMIR : Freak me. Wazzup...   



JAKE : Wow.   



AMIR : Ugh this is the worst day ever! I have a recital tonight and my vibrato is still weak as shit. It's just this whole embarrassing thing.   



JAKE : Where did you learn any of this?   



AMIR: Okay. Now you're gonna make a huge deal out of this because yes I studied at The Avasino Conservatory for Performing Arts in Italy...   



JAKE : (looking at Amir in speechless)   



AMIR : ..And yes I busted my ass off for 6 years to go to the top of the class...   



JAKE : (looking at Amir in speechless)   



AMIR : And yes that means I can (singing in high pitch) SIIIIIIIING my butt off! But if you're just gonna come in here and call me names then you know what I'm gonna just quit! Because nothing is worth being-made-fun-of over.    



JAKE : I'm gonna speak very carefully. I respect...   



AMIR : (interrupting) I got it! (walks out of the room)   



JAKE : (singing a a foreign opera song)   



THE END   



EPISODE LINK

													

														Opening Sequence



Amir: Hey, err... sheesh. Jake



Jake: Start it over.



Amir: No no no, it's fine it's fine.



Jake: It's not fine.







Episode



(Jake is walking through the office when Amir comes to join him)



Amir: Sup! (Drops his keys) Er, ah.



Jake: Dropped something.



Amir: No, impossible. I don't drop shit, I don't pick shit up; that's kinda my ish. So.



Jake: You don't drop shit, but you dropped your keys.



Amir: Haha(grabs the back of Jake's head and speaks directly into his face) I've never dropped anything, ever.



Jake: Let go of my head, right?



Amir: Okay.



Jake: What did Ricky say about touching me?



Amir: He said maybe, sometimes, if you asked politely.



Jake: He said never.



Amir: Okay.



Jake: So those aren't your keys.



Amir: Neh.



Jake: Neh.



Amir: Neh.



Jake: Neh.



Amir: NEH!



Jake: (Picks up the keys) These aren't yours?



Amir: Nope.



Jake: (Throwing the keys away) So that's fine.



Amir: Ahh, yep, that's coo. That's coo.



Jake: That's cOO. Okay, that's coo. How are you gonna act like you're too proud for anything when your pants are on backwards right 

now?



Amir: Yeah, righ.



Jake: Unzip your fly?



Amir: My regular fly? Or my butt fly?



Jake: Let's do the regular fly just cause a butt fly isn't a real thing.



Amir: Okay, good idea. But, lemme do my butt fly first, and then if we have time I will do my regular one. How does that sound?



Jake: Where do you have to be? That's a good question. Where do you have to be?



Amir: I have to call my landlord, if you must know, because I misplaced my keys this morning.



Jake: Totally unrelated incident, I got it.



Amir: Yes.



Jake: Where's your phone?



Amir: It's in my backfront pocket. (Takes the phone out of his back pocket, which is at the front since his pants are on backwards) 

It's in my back-front po(drops his phone)



Jake: You didn't drop that.



(Amir shakes his head)



Jake: No.



(Amir points to his hand as if he's on the phone)

													

														Intro:

Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir and I made this intro.

Jake: That's a lie.

Amir: From scratch y'all.



[Sam sat at Jakes desk typing on his computer as Amir paces]



Amir: Alright, so Jakes password will be something close to his heart.



[Amir squats next to same to look at the screen]



Amir: Did you try my birthday?



Sam: I'm already in his computer.



Amir: Oh my gorsh, we're through the looking glass people.



Sam: Jake is sick today so he wanted me to email him some stuff at home.



Amir: Okay-



[Amir pushes Sams hands out of the way and takes over the computer key board]



Amir: Lets look through his chat history first. What the freckles?! This son of a beach has been talking junk about me behind my back. 



Sam: It's trash and this chat is with you.



Amir: Oh, yeah I remember now. Before I freak. He so gets me.



Sam: He called you impossibly dumb and extremely lonely.



Amir: Okay, okay. Now I feel bad. Lets try and find other dirt. Search Dirt.



[While searching dirt] Sam: Searching dirt isn't going to get us- It's jake talking dirty to his girlfriend. I can't believe that worked.



Amir: What's a beep beep beep beep beep beep beep Popsicle.



Sam: That's nowhere in this chat.



Amir: I know..i guess I was just curious. 



Sam: We shouldn't be using Jakes computer in the first place. I feel ba- He left his facebook open too?!



Amir: Oh my gorsh we are through the looking gla-



Sam: You already said that.



Amir: Let me finish!! We are through the looking glass..[picks up jakes toy dinosaur]. dinosaur..hand..so.



Sam: Smooth.



Amir: Different phrase, right?



Sam: Look at this; Jake isn't sick today, he's going on a job interview. that's shocking. You okay?



Amir: [is frozen in place Sam pushes him back and he falls.]



End.

													

														(caption - Jake and Amir Behind the Scenes of The Collegehumor Show Sundays at 9:30/8:30c on MTV)



(Amir and Jake are on either side on Sam)



AMIR: We are here with Sam Reich, who is not only a writer and an actor on the show, hes also a producer--



SAM: (talking to someone off camera) Move the sign. 



AMIR: H-h-hey, come on now. Hes a producer--



SAM: Its too high.



AMIR: --and hes a director. 



JAKE: Wow. 



AMIR: One second, were interviewing you, all right?



JAKE: Quadruple threat, boys.



AMIR: (chuckles) A triple threat. 



JAKE: Quadruple. 



AMIR: Threat. 







(in Rickys office)



JAKE: All right, were here with Ricky Van Veen, our boss and the creator of CollegeHumor. Were days away from our premiere, (to Ricky) how do you feel?



RICKY: Its exciting! Were doing a lot of promos, trying to get people to watch. 



AMIR: Im going to give you fifty bucks, you give me carte blanche, all access pass to your e-mail. You leave the office, I need inbox, outbox, drafts, trash, what do you say?



RICKY: No. 







JAKE: All right, Phantom, what do you prefer, writing or acting?



PHANTOM: I mean, thats like asking me if I like elks blood or plum wine more. 



AMIR: Plum wine? 



PHANTOM: Yeah, I mean theyre both great in their own way. 







(back in Rickys office)



AMIR: OK, eighty dollars to use your iPhone for two minutes. 



JAKE: Come on!



AMIR: Im already picking up the iPhone.



RICKY: No. Put down my iPhone. 



AMIR: Give me eighty bucks. 



RICKY: Seriously. 



AMIR: Real quick, I have to call my mom!







(just Ricky and Jake)



RICKY: Its like every time that I think hes going to change, every time I think its going to be different-its not! 



JAKE: You think it doesnt bother me? 







(back with Sam)



AMIR: Whoa, Sammy. 



JAKE: How much do we have left to shoot, Sam? 



SAM: We have one week left of shooting. 



AMIR: Wow, one week! Sounds super stressful. Plus we have my rap battle scene. 



SAM: Theres no rap battle scene. 



AMIR: Whats that? 



SAM: Theres no rap battle scene. 







(Amir and Jake are on either side of Dan)



JAKE: Were here with Dan Gurewitch, a writer and actor on the show. 



AMIR: Yup. Dan, who do you play on the CollegeHumor show? 



DAN: Uh, Dan.



AMIR: Tell us a little bit about your character. 



DAN: Uh, its kind of like, all our characters, its just like us, but more exaggerated, sort of dumber, more self-centered versions of ourselves. 



AMIR: Well, Sam told me that my character was just me, like Im not supposed to exaggerate,  its just uh, who I am. (chuckles) Or whatever. 



DAN: Oh. Uh, thats--







(back to Phantom)



PHANTOM: Now heres the thing about MTV. Its like called what, music television, when was the last time they played a video? 



AMIR: Yeah. 



PHANTOM: For real. Theyll play fifteen seconds of a video at the end of The Hills--



JAKE: Talk to us. 



PHANTOM: --and then--







(back to Sam, Vinny is there)



VINNY: Uh, sorry, but we really have to go. 



SAM: I know!



(they all start talking over each other) 



AMIR: W-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-wait, I know--



VINNY: We really have to--(Amir pushes Vinny out of frame)



AMIR: were also losing light.



SAM: Id like to, what Ive was saying was--



AMIR: (to Sam) Ah, we dont need light!



JAKE: Hey, its fine. Were here with Sam Reich, actor-



(Vinny re-enters shot)



VINNY: Its his job to make sure that--



JAKE: --director, producer--



SAM: Shut the f**k up--



JAKE: --writer--



SAM: --seriously, guys. Seriously. 



AMIR: OK.



SAM: I mean, its funny, but were losing daylight and were trying to make an actual show. 



AMIR: I know. 



(Jake puts down his mic and walks off)



AMIR: I kn--I know. 



SAM: This is in actual show that needs to go on actual television. 



AMIR: Shhhhh... 



Vinny: (off camera) Im really sorry. 



(Jake is also off camera, pulls Amir off)



AMIR: Uh, well be right back!



JAKE: No! 



THE END. 



http://www.collegehumor.com/video/3884361/jake-and-amir-behind-the-scenes-of-the-collegehumor-show-pt-1 

													

														(caption - Jake and Amir Behind the Scenes of The Collegehumor Show Sundays at 9:30/8:30c on MTV)



AMIR: All right, we are here with Sarah Schneider, and she is an actress and a writetress on the show. 



JAKE: Thats either a cute joke or youre a complete retard. 



AMIR: Yup.







JAKE: OK, so youre kind of like the guys girl, right?



SARAH: Thats right, Im like one of the guys.



AMIR: Yeah, which guys girl are you? 



SARAH: Th-thats not what that phrase means. 



AMIR: Spoiler alert!



SARAh: Thats--







(Amir and Jake are with Vinny)



JAKE: OK, were here with Vincent Peone, who is our D.P.



AMIR: Yes, and everyone knows D.P. stands for (holds up a notepad and reads off it) Director of Photography. So, yup. (chuckles)



JAKE: So everyone knows that? 



AMIR: And he is--



JAKE: Anyone else could have memorized that.



AMIR: Hes in charge of the lightning on the set. So. 



VINNY: Uh, lighting. 



AMIR: Yes. 







AMIR: But whats--First question. Whats the difference between thunder and lighting?







JAKE: (softly) Sometimes we have to get to work as early as like 7AM to shoot, so a lot of us nap during the day to catch up on sleep. 



AMIR: Lets wake one of them up right now. (goes over to couch)



JAKE: (softly) Were not going to do that.  No-No, no, no, no.  



AMIR: Streeter, Streeter we want to interview--



(Streeter gets up and pulls Amir to the floor, then begins strangling him)



STREETER: Dont wake the f**king bear! 



JAKE: OK, hold on! (Jake tries breaking them up)



STREETER: Dont wake the bear!







(Streeter is on top of Amir on the floor, Jake beside them)



STREETER: (as Jake is talking) You. Dont. Wake. Me. 



JAKE: (to cameraman) Put down the f**king camera and help!







(Jeff approaches Amir and Jake from behind)



JAKE: Oh! Ooo, Jeff Rubin, tell me what is it like--



AMIR: N-n-no, you tell me what is it like ruining every single take you are in? Sucking the life out of an otherwise great experience from everyone else?



JEFF: What-what are you guys--What is this? 







(back to Streeter on top of Amir strangling him)



AMIR: You can cut. 



STREETER: You dont wake the bear!



AMIR: You can cut. You can cut. You can cut. You can cut. You can cut.  



(Streeter starts crying with his hands still around Amirs neck)



AMIR: Its OK, hes OK, hes OK. 







VINNY: Well, uh, you know, were constantly faces adverse conditions with the win--



AMIR: Have you ever been struck by lighting?



VINNY: (pause) Yeah. Uh, yes. Umm, I-I guess when I walk into a lighting set up thats profound to me, it-it sometimes is--



AMIR: I mean just like straight up a lighting bolt just (imitates getting struck by lightning)



JAKE: He gave you an out and you didnt take it. 



AMIR: What? 







(back to Sarah)



AMIR: I hate it when you look at me like Im stupid. 



JAKE: Ive never looked at you like you werent stupid. 







(Just Jake and Sarah)



JAKE: All right, Sarah. Who is your favorite person to be in scenes with?



SARAH: Ooo--



AMIR (off camera): Come on, lets go, Jake.



JAKE: One second. 



AMIR: Lets go. 



SARAH: Im trying to answer your question here. 



AMIR: Weve already got another interview lined up with someone better. 







AMIR (still off camera): We cant use this. Im telling you right now were not going to use this.  



SARAH: (to Jake) Why do you hang out with him all the time? 



JAKE: I dont hang out with him all the time. 



AMIR: Yes we do. 







(back to Vinny)



AMIR: So basically youre just the guy that holds the camera, right? 



VINNY: Uh, not at all, Im actually--



JAKE: He does a lot more. 



VINNY: --Im responsible for the visual--



AMIR: Vinny Peone, a glorified human tripod.



VINNY: Im responsible for the visual story telling. 



JAKE: Hes responsible for the vi--



(Amir motions to camera to cut) 



THE END. 



http://www.collegehumor.com/video/3890459/jake-and-amir-behind-the-scenes-of-the-collegehumor-show-part-2

													

														[Jake and Amir are sitting at a table, using a laptop.]



JAKE: Alright, ready?



AMIR: Yeeyuuhh.



JAKE: So we're gonna make a video for the- Joel and Gabby from BBYO. (to the camera, waving) Hi BBYO people!







AMIR: (rapping) I figure we, do five minutes of freestyle, and make it off top of my dome, and I--



JAKE: I don't think they want-- I don't think- they don't-- You know what? Actually.. (to the camera) Fre- We're gonna have five minutes of freestyling right now. (to Amir) Go ahead.



AMIR: No..



JAKE: Go ahead!



AMIR: Well, when you put me on the spot, it's like--



JAKE: I'll give him a beat.



AMIR: Ok.



(Jake starts beatboxing.)



AMIR: (rapping) Yo. Your beat is crummy and I can't rap to it, (Jake stops) it sucks so, it's over, yo. (stops rapping) So. I don't know.



JAKE: That wasn't a rap.



AMIR: Well.. Yeah, you can't give me-- you- you gave me no tools, and you were expecting me to build--



JAKE: Let's just-- Let's go through the email, and we'll figure out what we're gonna talk about, okay?



AMIR: Okay, fine.







AMIR: Oh, you guys are having your International Convention, and the theme is The Future Is Now!



JAKE: The future is now! Seize the day!



AMIR: Yeah..--



JAKE: Don't--



AMIR: If the future's now, then what's tomorrow?







AMIR: New theme--is it too late to bring it up?



JAKE: Yes.



AMIR: Ok.



JAKE: Much too late actually. But--



AMIR: The- History Is Now! That way, it's a little more believable because--



JAKE: Then what it- Then what's in the past, if history is now?



AMIR: Ok, the future. You do a three p- and then the fut- and then the present, is- yeah. You just rotate all three. I dunno. Use it if you want, or if you don't, whateva. Just like--



JAKE: No one- No one wants to use it.



AMIR: Ok.







JAKE: (to the camera) So you guys are here to learn about standing up, and making a change that you believe in. So--



AMIR: Alright, this is why that doesn't make sense.



JAKE: Oh, God. That--



AMIR: Let's say it's just- you're just one person. Can you do anything..



JAKE: Yes! That's th--



AMIR: --No. Okay. What?



JAKE: You can't-- You're gonna tell seven hundred and fifty ambitious young teenagers that they can't make a difference?



AMIR: Not alone; you have to be able to get.. at least ten thousand people to do it with you, right?



JAKE: It's--



AMIR: How do you..---



JAKE: You know, there's a Chinese proverb that says the journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step.



AMIR: What if you're in a car? All of a sudden, you're not making many steps, right? (JAKE: You step in) You have to always- So we're telling you, out-think the Chinese proverbs, because, (JAKE: That's.. vaguely racist, and I don't think we should--) yes, they're smart, but, we can be better than that. And it takes.. just one person, to make it--



JAKE: You heard it from Amir: we can be better than the Chinese. Is that what you want to say?--



AMIR: What? That's- When you say it like that it's mean, and that's not what I meant. We can be just as good as they are.



JAKE: We are- Everybody's equal! That's..--



AMIR: Not at math!







(Amir waves at the camera.)



JAKE: Alright, everybody, have a really fun and enriching weekend.--



AMIR: And don't just use this weekend to hook up with other people (JAKE: That's f--); you're to young to kiss, anyway.



JAKE: They're n-- How old were you when you kissed a girl?



AMIR: What?



JAKE: Freshman, in c- high school.. (AMIR: Freshman..--) Freshman to seniors, that's fine.



AMIR: Fresh- What? I was--



JAKE: It's-- They can kiss each other.



AMIR: Nah. I mean I was twenty-five, and I knew that that was--



JAKE: You're twenty-five now.



AMIR: Yes. W--



JAKE: So that happened recently.



AMIR: It hasn't happened yet.



JAKE: So you haven't kissed a girl.



AMIR: I'm waiting for the right time. NOT the right girl; I'll kiss anybody--



(Jake breaks, then Amir breaks.)



END.

													

														[Deep voice] Previously on Jake and Amir:



Sam: Look at this; Jake isn't sick today, he's going on a job interview. that's shocking. You okay?



Amir: [is frozen in place Sam pushes him back and he falls.] 



Intro:



Amir: Hey, y'all. You're watching Jake and Amir i'm thinking of a number one to ten.



Jake: There's no time.



Amir: It was 12.



[Starts, Jake in his apartment boxing the air in a suit. Then there's a knock at the door. Jake sighs and answers it. Amir is at the door.]



Amir: I heard you were sick so I brought you soup. 



Jake: [sighs] Thanks.



Amir: But then i remembered laughter was the best medicine so I threw the soup away, funny right?



Jake: Not really [goes to close he door]



Amir: Hey! Let me in. [Barges passed Jake.] Whoa, suit huh? What's the for?



Jake: I feel like shit I might as well look good.



Amir: Oh [looks at table] is that a ressume?



Jake: Yeah, I was bored, thought I'd update it, print it out I guess I was bored and had nothing else to do. Just another tissue to use am I right? [Laughs nervously as Amir searches around his house.]



Amir: Yeah, man. We're just worried about you at work you know how it can get over there- Think fast! [throws book at Jake]



Jake: [catches it] Jesus!



Amir: Aha!



Jake: What?



Amir: I don't know.



Jake: Then don't throw books at me alright?



Amir: [throws numerous more books]



[Jakes phone rings]



Jake: Hello? Hey mom. the job interview went really well actually.



Amir: Job interview?!



Jake: That's what I call the doctors appointment, his job is to interview me



Amir: [whispers] oh,  got it.



Jake: Yeah, my fingers are crossed to as I am really hoping to get hired for this new job.



Amir: [Frowns and gives Jake a questioning gesture.]



Jake: [pulls a face and makes chatty sign with his hand.]



Amir: [laughs and does it too,] Jake [does it some more while twirling.



Jake: [on the phone to his mom] yeah, hold on they're calling me right now [hangs up to his mom and answers to employed] yes, speaking, wow that is such good news , thank you so much. Yeah, I can start on monday.



Amir: [eyes go wide and he runs into Jakes bathroom and closes the door behind him. Gets out phone] Hey, Sam, it's me. You're never going to believe this. Jake is much sicker than we thought.



Jake: [in other room] Mom! I got the job.



Amir: [in bathroom on phone to sam] Yeah no interview. Just sickness.



Jake: [Goes back to boxing]



End.

													

														NARRATOR: Previously, on Jake and Amir.



(Sam and Amir looking at Jake's computer)



SAM: Jake isn't sick today.  He's going on a job interview.



(Jake at home on the phone)



JAKE: Mom, I got the job.







INTRO



AMIR: Hi, and welcome to the one thousandth episode of Jake and Amir



JAKE: Not accurate.



AMIR: Okay, but it's close.



JAKE: It's not, actually.







(Jake is putting his desk's contents in a box.  Sarah comes up and gives him a hug.)



SARAH: Did you tell him yet?



JAKE: I did nay.  He's not at work, so...



SARAH: Well, you should call him.



JAKE: I don't have to do that.



SARAH: Yes, you do.



JAKE: No, I don't have to do that, because he's constantly calling me.



JAKE: (on the phone) Hey.



AMIR: (on a bed with his laptop) Woah! Hello?  Je-je-Jake Jake Jake.  Don't hang up.



JAKE: What's up, dude?



AMIR: (high) Sup!



JAKE: Where are you?



AMIR: I'm at home.  For the first time of my life, I am finally at-



JAKE: My home or your home?



AMIR: Oh, I hate to keep explaining myself, but when I say home, I mean YOUR home.



JAKE: What are you doing?



AMIR: Well, I'm almost done, I'm up to 3 random things about me.



JAKE: So, you're writing a Facebook note?



AMIR: 28 to go.



JAKE: Look, can you just come in to work for a second?  I need to talk to you.



AMIR: (walking down the street) I'm coming.



JAKE: Alright, just let me know when you ge-



(Hand touches Jake's shoulder.  Jake turns around.  It's Rosie.)



JAKE: God, I thought you were Amir.



(Hands push Rosie over.  It's Amir.  Rosie falls with a thud.)



AMIR: What's up?  I left your door unlocked.



JAKE: (silence)



AMIR: Are you mad at me?



(In the hallway)



JAKE: There's no easy way to say this.



AMIR: Is it in Spanish? (smiles and chuckles)



JAKE: I'm leaving.



AMIR: (stops smiling) So, it's not.



JAKE: No.



AMIR: Leaving what?



JAKE: I got a new job.



AMIR: If you're gonna call me in here for a practical joke, make sure it's at least funny.



(Amir walks away)



JAKE: Amir, I'm really going.



(Amir walks back)



AMIR: I know what you're trying to do, and it's not funny anymore.



JAKE: It's not a joke, alright.  I got a new job.  I'm leaving College Humor.



AMIR: When do we start?



JAKE: I start Monday



AMIR: Ouch.



JAKE: In California....so...



AMIR: So, have fun, and good luck. 



JAKE:  Thank you, and I just-



AMIR:  (starts to talk through sadness) You know what?  What if I don't do the high-pitched voice anymore?  Then, will you stay?



JAKE: Don't do this.



AMIR: (In high-pitched voice, through tears) This'll be the last time.  This'll be the last time.  (normal voice) Jake, this will-



JAKE AND AMIR: -be the last time.



JAKE: I got it.  No, Amir, buddy.  I gotta go, alright.



AMIR: (still through tears) You don't have to sit across from me anymore.  



JAKE: Come on, man.



AMIR: We'll go talk to Ricky.  You don't have to sit across from me anymore, I know you hate that.



JAKE: I don't hate it...I don't hate it.



AMIR: (still through tears)  Then, stay...stay...



(Jake puts out his hand for a handshake.  Amir doesn't move.  Jake walks away, frustrated.)



(Cut to outside elevator.  Jake is inside with his box of personal belongings.  The door starts to close, but Amir stops it and puts out his hand for a handshake.  Jake puts his box down and gives him a hug.)



(HUH!)



(Outside elevator on different floor.  Doors open to reveal Jake and Amir still hugging.)



JAKE: Alright, this is me.



AMIR: No!



JAKE: Alright, one more elevator ride.



AMIR: Two more...



JAKE: K



AMIR: ...and the stairs.



(Blackout as elevator dings)



EPISODE LINK

													

														Intro:

Amir: You guys know that you could be watching porn right now?

Jake: We want them to watch our videos.

Amir: Whatever.

[Starts, Jake in new office. Sat at his desk next to a blonde woman. 'Somewhere In California' written across the screen]

Girl: So, have you met my husband?

Jake: Husband? No i uh..

Girl: [points at picture of Presidant Obama]

Jake: Wow, he is uh, very powerful man.

Girl: He is, dont' mess with me.

Jake: I wouldn't.

Girl: So, did you leave anyone special behind in new york?

Jake: I did nay.

Girl: You did 'nay' is that some kind of east coast sort of-

Jake: The slang sauce creeping in. [is weird voice.]

Girl: I've always wanted to go to new york.

Jake: [same weird voice] It's crazy .. it's crazy in my naizay ..so.

Girl: I'm uh..i'm really glad you're here. [reaches across desk] The guy before you was a total weirdo.

Jake: Really? Don't get me started on office weirdos. I used to work with this guy called Amir, and he only ever ate chicken nuggets.

Girl: that's not so bad.

Jake: He didn't know math.

Girl: like basic math?

Jake: Yeah, 1+1 didn't know it.

Girl: Yeah, that's pretty bad.

Jake: Holidays, didn't know then. words..

Girl: Words?

Jake: He thought 'lamb' was the singular of sheep.

Girl: Jesus.

Jake: one time he called me because he'd forgotten how to fall asleep.

Girl: That guy sounds like a real idiot.

Jake: Yeah..

Girl: How do people that retarded even function in the real world let alone get a real job?

Jake: Well..he's not retarded..

Girl: no, he sounds like a needy idiot, i'm serious.

Jake: [getting more defensive] He's not!

[awkward silence as Jake gives the girl a pissed look before turning back to his work. Girl picks up toy]

[in squeeky mocking voice] Girl: Jacob [normal voice] hey lets get out of here.

Jake: It's only noon..

[another awkward silence]

Girl: sorry

[Jake picks up the toy]

Jake talking through the doll: Lets do something later.

Girl: Okay, yeah.

Jake: Cool.

Girl: [takes toy of jake] don't touch that.

[later Jake on the phone]

Jake: [high pitched voice] Sup? Sup? Amir? Sup? Sup?

~end~													

														INTRO

MIKE: Alright, we're recording.

AMIR: Alright, don't tell me what to do!

JAKE: Whoa, relax.

AMIR: What, you're gonna take his side?

AMIR/MIKE: To matching haircut club!

MIKE: Mm, man, my ex-partner never ate junk food.

AMIR: Whoa. You had a partner? That's awesome!

MIKE: You mean you never had a BF?

AMIR: Yeah I had a BF, Jake. Well, he was more of a BBF. And then he moved to California.

MIKE: Oh, San Fransisco?

AMIR: Nah, California. Hey! We should be partners!

MIKE: Amir, I'd really like that.

AMIR: Whoa ... don't touch me here, heh!

MIKE: I'm sorry, are you not out?

AMIR: No I'm not out, I'm in. And so are you! We're both in. God, you're so dumb.

MIKE: Sorry, I just assumed ... TICKLE FIGHT!

AMIR: Ah! Stop, no! Get away from me! We already tickle fought like five times earlier today, remember? I told you it's not fun when you let me win.

JAKE: So then Amir's like, "Oh sheesh y'all, t'was a dream!"

AMANDA: Uh-huh.

JAKE: And then he says, "Nay, it actually happened."

AMANDA: Wow, that is another crazy Amir story.

JAKE: I know. Mandy, baby, honey, right here, he was obsessed with me, okay?

AMANDA: Oh, I bet he talked about you all the time.

JAKE: Thank you for saying that, all the time it was. Just come to work and be like "Jake Jake Jake Jake--"

AMANDA: Okay, Jacob, JACOB! Who is obsessed with who here?

JAKE: Oh my God ... you don't listen to me! He was obsessed with me, okay? Picture Amir in a penguin suit, I told you what he looked like.

THE END

JAKE: Jake Jake Jake Jake Jake Jake Jake Jake Jake--

AMANDA: Jacob ... okay ENOUGH! DON'T!													

														CHTV INTRO

[Jake, Amir, and The Lonely Island (Andy Samberg, Akiva "Kiv" Schaffer, and Jorma "Jorm" Taccone) are sitting in a room.]

JAKE: It's and honor to be here, with The Lonely Island,...

AMIR: And likewise, it's an honor for you guys to be with us, right?

KIV: Uh, not as much.

JAKE: Well, that's not, how.. Anyway. Uh, tell us a little bit about the album. How long has it been, like, in the works.

ANDY: Um, I mean... in a lot of ways, since the day we were born, right?

JORM: Yeah.

ANDY: I mean, some say destiny.

KIV: In a more accurate way I would say, like, this summer.

ANDY: Yeah, pretty m- this summer.

KIV: (inaudible) ..this summer.

AMIR: Uh, the Beatles, uh Beastie Boys, uh Busta Rhymes... what do these guys have in common? It's...

JAKE: The "B".

AMIR: ...four.

JAKE: The--

AMIR: The-- four. They all had four different people. You guys have three.

ANDY: Mmhmm.

AMIR: Which is close. Like, how do you guys envision getting to that next, the fourth person, and--

KIV: Wait, the Beatles--

AMIR: The Beatles,

KIV: and Busta Rhymes,

AMIR: The Busta Rhymes, and the Beastie Boys.

KIV: and Beastie Boys all had four people?--

ANDY: There's a band called "the Busta Rhymes"?

AMIR: What would I need to do to throw my name into that mix, like what would you need to know about me?

ANDY: Um, I mean you'd probably have to become very independently successful, right?

AMIR: Sure.

ANDY: Like in a Busta Rhymes kind of a way.

AMIR: Like more than I already am?

JAKE: There's three of you guys.

JORM: That's true.

JAKE: And uh, most of your songs have two--kind of--two people? So how do you decide which one of you guys are gonna pair up?

JORM: Whoever leaves the room is not in the song.

ANDY: Certainly can't go in vacation.--

JAKE: (pointing to the floor) This room right here?

ANDY: (looks up) Yup.

JORM: No if you go on vacation then you get left and you don't get to go on a fuckin' boat ride.

JAKE: Is that what happened?

JORM: Yeah.

JAKE: Really?

AMIR: You went on vacation?

JORM: But I'm not upset about it.

AMIR: I'm interested in freestyle rap battling one of you guys. Is that-- do you think that's doable?

JORM: Well we don't--.

ANDY: We could do your half...

AMIR: Okay

ANDY: And then, we would.. not do our half.

AMIR: I could do both.

AMIR: (rapping) Yo, nice blue jacket, mofo, ey, it's not time to wear that no mo, it's like 1999 up in this house, your glasses are whack and you not wearing any. (speaking) So let's switch.

(Amir and Jorm get up to switch places)

AMIR: That was a bit out of beat.

KIV: Yeah, it was really good.

AMIR: Ok.

ANDY: And we'll add me in post, right?

JORM: You just went raw dog.

AMIR: (rapping, Andy providing rap gestures) Yo, whatchu talkin about our jacket, MC, that's not how it is, that's not how it be,--

ANDY: (rapping) Yeah Jorm!

AMIR: Yeah Jorm, you understand that you're sittin next to my.. old.. best friend--

ANDY: No, you're Jorm.

AMIR: Ok. Ahh shee--

[Amir and Jorm have switched places back to how it was originally]

ANDY: You know, when we first entered into this I thought it was just gonna be really casual, and then shit just got really heated.

AMIR: Yeah.

ANDY: It was like we were in the movie "8 Mile".

JAKE: So one of my-- one of my favorite songs come from-- comes from "Please Incredibad, Don't Hurt 'Em".

ANDY: Nice

JAKE: Uh, was that an official album?

ANDY and KIV: No

JORM: No, it was not, no. It was more of a web- web--

ANDY: We almost called "Incredibad" "Please Incredibad, Don't Hurt 'Em", but then we called ourselves "The Lonely Island", so we just called the album "Incredibad".

JORM: And also han--

AMIR: (rapping loudly) Five o'clock in the morning, I hear the phone ringing (points to Jorm)

JORM: ...Yo wuddup Dunn.

AMIR: Whaddup son, sorry boy you sleeping?

ANDY: (referring to Kiv) He's not gonna--

KIV: No..

AMIR: (rapping) Just finished reading this ill-ass novel...

JORM: (unenthusiastically) Not the one about the girl who left her family back in Kabul

AMIR: (butting in) family up in-- A little louder. Cuz I dunno, like--

JORM: The skill-set that you're bringing to the table is rap, right?

AMIR: Yeah.

JORM: K I'm just.. ok.

AMIR: Ok, so.

(Amir laughs)

KIV: I mean, I can't speak for the group, but from my perspective you're in.

AMIR: Okay.

JAKE: Jesus.

AMIR: So that's one. And then if I'm in that's two. So, it's like fifty-fifty at this point.

ANDY: Right. So it's a tie.

AMIR: Down the road, I join the group.

JAKE: I wanna--.

AMIR: Whatever, ok, that.. becomes a thing.

ANDY: Right.

AMIR: Let's say I start feuding with Jorm over here.

ANDY: Right.

KIV: Sure.

AMIR: We start fighting, it's obviously, it's not gonna happen with me and Jorm. We kick Jorm out...

ANDY: Right

KIV: Sure

AMIR: We're down to three again, which is fine...

ANDY: We need a fourth.

JAKE: You said we needed--.

AMIR: We needed a fourth, but we realized four might have been too many, once I joined the group.

KIV: We've learned our lesson, we're--.

JAKE: Ok.

AMIR: My question is, do we still need that fourth? And if so... (points to Jake) my guy right here.

ANDY: Mmhmm.

KIV: Hmm.

ANDY: I have a-- I think we bring him on...

AMIR: Ok

ANDY: ...but then we also ditch me.

AMIR: Sure.

ANDY: So then it's you guys and Kiv.

AMIR: Ok.

KIV: I'd like that.

ANDY: That sounds.. that'll be--

JORM: That sounds like a group.

[Jorm and Andy are in Jake and Amir's old spots, while Jake and Amir sit on the couch with Kiv.]

ANDY: So, uh, what's next for you guys, what's next for the Lonely Island?

AMIR: (looking at his watch) Oh my God, I am so so sorry we gotta wrap things up, right? Cuz we have-- we're getting like lots of people coming in and out all the time.

JORM: That's understandable.

ANDY: That's cool.

(Jorm and Andy get up to shake Jake and Amir's hands)

JORM: Hey, nice to meet you guys.

ANDY: Hey thanks.

JAKE: (shaking Andy's hand) Nice to meet you

(Amir avoids shaking Jorm's hand by reaching over to pick up a piece of melon with the tongs, then puts it in his mouth)

JORM: (walking out of the room with Andy) Ok, um, thanks guys.

AMIR: (with the piece of melon in his mouth) Byebye.

JORM: How do you get out? ok

KIV: (to Amir) Assholes.

AMIR: Huge dicks, right?

END.													

														Sarah: Oh, hey Amir. Uh, I heard you and Mike are really hitting it off.



Amir: That's a bit of an understatement, don't you think?



Sarah: Are, are you gay?



Amir: What?! God, no. Why?



Sarah: I mean, you know Mike's gay?



Amir: OK, I'm not going to stand here and listen to you talk smack behind his back.



Sarah: Amir, it's not a bad thing.



Amir: Yes, Sarah, it is. Gay means bad, like if I wanted to insult your shoes and they were bad or whatever I'd be like Hey, you have 

gay shoes. You have gay shoes.



Sarah: Amir, gay means homosexual.



Amir: I know. What does that mean?



Sarah: It means that Mike wants to have sex with you.



Amir: So you think Mike's a woman? Trust me, he's not.



Mike: Oh hey guys.



Amir: Oh hey Mike. I was just leaving.



Mike: Hey Amir, do you want to go to the bathroom together?



Amir: Sure, meet you in the men's room.



Mike: Same stall?



Amir: For sure.



(New scene: Jake is in California jogging on the beach when Amir's voice comes up on his iPod)



Amir: Hey Jake, it's Amir, I hope you don't mind, I put this song on your iPod. It's about your name so... J is Jake and A is for 

apple, nothing starts with K, and E is for elephant. I just thought of something that starts with K, it's carrot, yo it's carrot!







Outro



(Continuing from end of episode)



Amir: This next one's like a hard core rap song, so maybe turn down your iPod. Yow! Motherfu

													

														Intro: 

Patrick: Hey this is pat and you're watching Jake and Amir



Amir: nope, you ruined it.



Patrick: No you ruined it.



[starts, Amir and Mike at their desks.]



Amir: Hey Mike, can I talk to you about something?



Mike: Yes, of course.



Amir: Sarahs trying to start a rumor that you're gay...



Mike: [nods] Okay?



Amir: Yeah! I didn't know what that meant either. I guess gay has an alternate definition where like even though you're not a woman, right?



Mike: Right.



Amir: Right, so even though you're not a woman you still want to have sex with me?



Mike: yeah, that's right.



Amir: alright, so now I am confused. You are a woman?



Mike: Amir, why do you think i've been hanging out with you all week?



Amir: to be my friend?



Mike: I'm trying to get laid! 



Amir: what?



Mike: are you really this stupid? Why would i want to be friends with somebody as dumb as you?



Amir: i thought we were partners..



Mike: I thought so too amir, we went to the movies.



Amir: Yeah?



Mike: for like five nights in a row!



Amir: So?



Mike: we french kissed!



Amir: [high pitched] is that what that was?



Mike: Oh my god. I did it again..I did it again!



Amir: So we're not best friends.



Mike: listen to me carefully, i never want to see your dumb ass, face slang hurling wanna be chill dude, cock tease!



Amir: Shhhh!



Mike: in my face again.



Amir: okay..relax.



Mike:And your free styles suck.



Amir: [snorts]



Mike: They don't rhyme!



Amir: [shrugs] so?



Mike: Bye.



Amir: well..im not going to leave..



Mike: Micheal, you have to move again [picks up plant from desk] how does this keep  happening. It's like portland all over again. I've had to move nine times this month, austin, miami, fresno, barcelona, its all the got damn same.



[In Jakes office he corners amanda in the kitchen]



Jake: hey so I've been thinking about what you said, about who's obsessed with who. And I may have stumbled across something interesting, believe it or not.



Amanda: Really?



Jake: Yes, amanda panda Somewhere in you incoherant ramblings, you got me thinking. Maybe i'm having a hard time letting amir go. Not the other way around.



Amanda: well..maybe i can help you with that. [leans in to kiss jake]



[jake holds up phone and amanda kisses it]



Jake: this is him! He's calling me right now, he hasn't called me since I moved.



Amanda: Okay. If you answer that I wont be here when you hang up.



Jake: that's fine ill come find you after.



Amanda: no, jacob  you have to chose. It's either him, or me.



~end~

													

														INTRO



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: Follow me on twitter, y'all.



Jake: Stop demanding that.



Amir: Please.



EPISODE



Amir: (on phone) Jake, hey, uhh it's Amir. I just, I guess give me a call when you get this. I wanted to see what was going on...



Jake: Amir, you've left me like a hundred voicemails ever since I said I was coming back!



Rosie: Whoa Jake!



Pat: Ah, there he is.



Jeff: Look who's come back.



Rosie: Hurwitz, man.



Jeff: Look who's come crawling back.



Pat: Welcome back, man!



Rosie: Yeah, how's Kelly? Tell us everything.



Jake: Ah, it was awesome. I worked with the hottest girl.



Pat: Yeah, you make it happen my dude?



Jake: Almost.



Jeff: Even Amir made out with his co-worker, and you didn't?



Rosie and Pat: (laughs)



Rosie: Yo, so why'd you come back?



Jake: I don't know, umm... It just wasn't for me.



Pat: Well, it's good to have you back, Jake.



Jake: Jacob, it's Jacob now.



Rosie: No.



Jake: (taps Pat) Hey, what do you think about a goatee on me?



Pat: Ahaha, you almost had me, man.



Jake: ... My hair parted... nah.



Pat: You're back.



Jake: Stupid. (goes to sit across from Amir)



Pat: (in the distance) Oh Lord!



Jake: Hey



Amir: SUUU-errr-hey. Do you- Are you interested in a dinner, tonight? With me?



Jake: Let me guess, the Ds?



Amir: I mean, we don't have to, like wherever you want is fine-



Jake: I could do the Ds.



Jake and Amir: (smile at each other)



Jake: Fuck it, come here. (stands up)



Jake and Amir: (have a super bromantic hug)



Jake: Hey, did you make out with a guy?



Amir: Yeah, it was weird.



EPISODE LINK



CHECKLIST OF EPISODES

													

														Intro



Jake: Hey it's Jake and Amir.



Amir: Ughaiegahaaaei



Jake: What are you doing?



Amir: Sorry, I freaked out.



Jake: Yeah.







Pat: Hey Jake, uh, can you print out those files for the three o'clock meeting please?



Jake: Sure thing.



Pat: Great. Thank you.



Amir: Hey Jake, uh, can you print out those files for three or for me for the clock meeting, uh cool, thank you.



Jake: No.



Amir: Sure thing.



Jake: I didn't say that. You said that.



Amir: Alright Jakie, now that you're back, let's go over some quick ground rules.



Jake: Okay.



Amir: Alright, rule the first, you do what I tell you to, when I tell you to do it, why I tell you to... do it.



Jake: Of course.



Amir: Okay... Rule number two, you eat healthy food for me, so that I can continue eating garbage, junk food...



Jake: I guess I'm at least happy that you know that you don't eat healthy.



Amir: Thank you, but you're not going to get out of this that easily. Rule tree, err, rule three. Sorry, I said tree instead of three. I meant to say three.



Jake: Just say whatever you're going to say.



Amir: Okay, rule four.



Jake: So no three?



Amir: You show up at seven AM to do my work before even beginning your work.



Jake: What is your work?



Amir: It's not my problem anymore. That's my work.



Jake: You have no idea what you do. Anyway, bad news boss.



Amir: What is it non-boss?



Jake: I'm afraid today is opposite day.



Amir: Impossible.



Jake: Or is it entirely possible?



Amir: Huh. So...



Jake: So all those new rules that you tried to lay down, they now apply to you.



Amir: No. No. NO! NOOO!!! Ugh, I mean yes yes yes YES!



Jake: Now you're not getting it!



Amir: No, I... yeah I don't not... ohhh. This is not hurting my brain.



Jake: Are you okay?



Amir: No! Yes! Uh, maybe!



Jake: Oh my god. Just relax, relax, relax, relax.



Amir: Oh, my nose is not bleeding.



Jake: Hey hey hey hey hey.



Amir: My nose is not bleeding now because you didn't not make me think!

													

														Intro: 

Jake: Hey you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: No you're not! listen guys everything you know is a lie!



Jake: stop it.



[starts, jake alone in the office and his phone rings. On the screen it reads 'restricted' and Jake answers it]



Jake:Hello?



[Cuts to Amir sat cross legged on his bed on the phone.]



Amir: Supper!



Jake: Why does it say 'restricted' when you call?



Amir: I'm at home. on my land line.



Jake: you have a land line?



Amir: Indeed-o. It's part of my fax.



Jake: Fax? that's pretty chill.



Amir: No sheesh. 



[sound of bottons being pressed]



Amir: [calls] Leron get off the line! I'm using it! Use line two!



Jake: line two?



Amir: yeah one for the internet, oh crud i just realised he's going to disconnect me.



Leron: Yeah i just think i cut you off AOL



Jake: AOL?



Amir: 300 free hours boyy.



Jake: oh man that is peeop. Im going to go now seeya.



Amir: wait! i called you for a reason right?



Jake: Not usually.



amir: I need you to bail me out of jail.



Jake: You said youw ere at home



Amir: yeah, well i meant to say prison. Clink, the lock up.



Jake: I heard AOL in the background 



Amir: That was my warden.



Jake: Your cousin leron picked up the phone. 



Amir: will you just come over?



Jake: What is wrong with you?



Amir: How many times do I have to ask?!



Jake: That was the first time you asked.



Amir: Just fax me when you leave work please [hangs up] Leron! You better remember which chat room we were in I was this close [holds up his forfinger and thumb one inch appart] to cyber kissing a girl.



~end~

													

														INTRO Jake - Hey you're watching Jake and Amir!



     Amir - Stop it! Relax! Jake, I'm you.



     Jake - Shut up.





AMIR: Hey-uh, can I talk to you for a second?



JAKE: What's up?



AMIR: Um,I  just got back from the doctor and he said that I was very sick actually.



JAKE: Really?



AMIR: Yeah, he thinks I may have March (shouting)  Madness! Fever! And pneumonia!



Amir slides his bracket across table and into frame.



[Jump cut]



AMIR: Alright the bracket is a lot like the SATs. They penalize  for wrong answers. That's why I leave a lot of these blank, okay?



JAKE: What did you get on your SATs?



AMIR: 60.



[Jump cut]



AMIR: I've been crunching the numbers, Jake.



JAKE: How do you do that?



Amir looks at Jake over the top of his glasses.



JAKE: How'd you do that, I said.



AMIR: (Raises voice) Why can't you just say that's impressive?



[Jump cut]



Amir has his head turned and begins doing an impression of the Dramatic Chipmunk.



AMIR: Dun, dun, dun! Dramatic Chipmunk.



JAKE: I know.



[Jump cut]



AMIR: Wow, four number one seeds in the final four. Very risky. (Amir rolls his eyes and chuckles to himself)



JAKE: I mean I could put, I was gunna put Michigan - Fuck you.



[Jump cut]



AMIR: Hey, no matter what happens in this bracket, you and me, we're gunna stay friends for forever, okay? Hey look at me! (Amir gestures his two finger at his eyes.)



JAKE: Don't try to turn this into a serious moment, please.



AMIR: Nothing changes, okay?



JAKE: I know!



[Jump cut]



AMIR: Alright! So the elite 8 I have Scanson,  Portland State, blank, blank, Butler, blank.



[Jump cut]



Amir has his head turned and is doing the Dramatic Chipmunk impression again



AMIR: Dun! Dun! Du-



JAKE: (Talking over Amir) Do you have to do that, man?



AMIR: Hanh?



[Jump Cut]



AMIR: Binghamton. Duke. Binghamton is definitely gunna be upset.



JAKE: They're a fifteen seed, so.



AMIR: They're going to be upset that they lost and who wouldn't be?



[Jump cut]



Amir is laying on the table with his hands folded on his chest.



AMIR: (Sighs) Can I tell you somethin', man?



[Jump cut]



AMIR: Ah, is it too late to change my final four?



JAKE: Uh, no.



AMIR: Okay, good. I wanna make it a final six.



JAKE: Oh, it's too late to change the format of the tournament though.



AMIR: Ah sheesh. When was that due?



[Jump cut]



AMIR: (Circling his bracket) Portland state, no it's not. Cleveland state, no it's not. Utah state (looks at Jake) no it's no-



JAKE: That one's a state.



AMIR: Uh, Florida state.



JAKE: Also a state.



AMIR: Sheesh, okay. Oklahoma?



JAKE: Yeah. Ooo two for five, that sucks. You were you started out strong, though.



AMIR: I know. I was lucky. I didn't know. I was just guessing.



JAKE: I know.



[Jump cut]



AMIR: I'm thinking 74-60 blank for the tie-breaker score? (Amir repeatedly clicks his pen)



Jake shakes his head.



[Jump cut]



JAKE: Okay,  I'm done. 



Jake starts to get up from his chair.



AMIR: (Drawing large circle on his bracket) Wa-wa-wait. Where are we watching the round of 32?



Jake is walking away.



JAKE: We're not.



AMIR: (Calling out to Jake) Okay! I wanna watch my blanks, though! Blanks for the wolf! For the epic wolf.



[Jump cut]



JAKE: Also they have to, I mean they have to play these teams.



AMIR: Sure.



Jake drops his pen. Amir laughs.



Link

													

														INTRO:



AMIR: Oy, you're watching Jake and Amir, and we filmed this in Spain! (somewhat Australian accent)



JAKE: Wow.







[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks.]



AMIR: Jake, I am about to say something that's gonna blow your mind. Give me like, ten minutes.



(The video cuts to a black screen with text that says TEN MINUTES LATER.)



AMIR: Ekaj.



JAKE: My name backwards. Clever.



AMIR: What?



JAKE: You know what, man?



AMIR: For sure, for sure.



JAKE: No, I haven't said anything yet.



AMIR: I know, absolutely.



JAKE: I love baseball.



AMIR: (in a silly voice) I love baseball. (laughs). Yeah, I love baseballs. I love all the baseballs too, so.



JAKE: Derek Jeter?



AMIR: Yeah?



JAKE: My all-time favorite player.



AMIR: Yeah. My-he's-me-the-bom--he's the bomb. At his position, for his price, he's the number-one bomb.



JAKE: I hate Derek Jeter.



AMIR: I hate him. I hate.. him. He's like--ugh, nobody; the only person who hates him more than you is me, and that's saying a lot.. of.. stuff--



JAKE: I like him.



AMIR: He's good. I like him just fine, I was just.. Once you think about it you start to like him more and then I started to think about him and nowIllowIllike him.



JAKE: I hate ice cream.



AMIR: It tastes like a mouth.. it's like a mouthfull of buttholes in my mouth. It tastes like acid.



JAKE: I think it's delicious.



AMIR: I think it tastes like delicious acid.



JAKE: It tastes like ass.



AMIR: Yeah, I think it tastes like delicious ass, is what I meant.



JAKE: No, in a bad way.



AMIR: I said acid but I meant--Yeah in a bad way, an awful way--I mean, can you--(raising his voice in frustration) for crying out loudly, can you STOP?!



JAKE: ...Stop doing what?



AMIR: You keep like chan- I dunno you're like a flip-flopper and then I can't decide what I like, because you're always all over the place.



JAKE: Cuz you need to base your opinions off of mine.



AMIR: Yes.



JAKE: Because you don't have any thoughts or opinions of your own.



AMIR: Right, obviously.



JAKE: And you think that stealing mine is--



AMIR: Yes, when I steal yours it makes us better friends because we have the same opinion, I mean what don't you GET?



JAKE: I don't get why you're being so honest about it.



AMIR: (exasperated) Oh, my g--(sarcastic) Okay, let me formulate my own opinions, right? And then maybe if they match we can POSSIBLY bes- I mean just listen to myself it sounds like CRAZY--



END.







OUTRO:



JAKE: I hate nuggets.



AMIR: Don't.

													

														Intro:

Jake: You're watching Jake and Amir



Amir: There are 12 codes throughout this video



Jake: Out of time



Amir: Oh! Gorsh damnit!







Jake, on phone: Yeah, wow man, I mean tell her, tell her I said congratulations. Alright talk to you later.



Amir, cutting Jake off: Get off. Get off the phone. Get off the phone. Get off the phone. Get off the phone. Get off the phone. Get off the phone. Get off the phone. Get off the phone. GET OFF THE PHONE.



Jake, yelling: I'm off!



Amir: Who was that?  That was a weird convo.



Jake: It's my friend Steve from back home ok. His sister just go engaged.



Amir: Oh. My. God. This is (shrieks)



Jake: This is so not relevant to you is what it is.



Amir, giddily: You hear it's like a fairytale right? But when it actually happens to friend's friend's sister, it's just like oh my god! I'm trembling, feel my heart. (extends arm out to Jake)



Jake: What're you...what're you doing?



Amir: I'm sorry, I have to text my parents.



Jake: You don't ever talk to your parents, man.



Amir: Oh you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right! I'm soory, I'm just thinking like a mile a minute now.



Jake: I sincerely doubt that.



Amir: Oh this is so exciting. But do you actually know what's gonna be more exciting?



Jake: Nope



Amir, excitedly: The bachelorette party!



Jake: Relax, please - 



Amir: Oh god, I'm thinking about a male stripper giving blowjob lessons, can you imagine that?



Jake: Ok, so now you're being annoying and disgusting. Just - 



Amir: Oh my God. She has to plan. Does she know where? Does she even have a date? (yelling) Does she even have a bleep date?!



Jake: Probably not, I mean it just happened, ok?



Amir, scoffing: Haha probably not cause it just happened! It just happened!



Ok, you're right. You're right, this is her moment she has to just enjoy it. Tomorrow, we start planning.



Jake: Cool. So you're done for now then?



Amir: Yeah, just oh my gosh! The thought of her having like sex with only one person for the rest of her life. Uuuh I just, I guess this is what they call cold feet right?



Jake: No, I donno man.



Amir: I donno, it's just like everything's one way and then all of a sudden 1 question later, everything's just shwosh, the complete opposite.



Jake: Not for you. Nothing changes for you, it's all just one way.



Amir: She wants a divorce. Oh my God, she wants a divorce!



Jake: She hasn't even gotten married yet, Amir.



Amir: Ok, this is weird for her alright. You don't have to make it worse!



Jake: You know what then, she's divorced. She got a divorce.



(Pause)



Amir: She's made a mistake.

													

														Intro:



Jake: Hey you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: And Jakes phone number is 2-1-0-3-



Jake: Shut the fuck up!



[Starts, Sam on a bed with a head piece on and a game cube controller.(i think its game cube i cant see it properly) Then cuts to amir also with control and headset but on a sofa.]



Sam: hey if a future you communicated to you through the head set and said you were going to die, would you be scared?



Amir: [snorts] No.



Sam: [mumbles] me neither.



Amir: Oh! By the way did you see what Jake was wearing today?



Sam: wasn't he wearing a cardigan?



Amir: uh, i don't know what that is but it was a sweater with buttons going down.



Sam: I don't know what a cardigan is either...



Amir: Why did you say it then?



Sam: I was making an educated guess.



Amir: We'll stop being a educated quest and started being a...so.



Sam: [robot voice] Dinner tonight?



Amir: only if jake says no to me.



Sam: Super.



AMir: Duper.



Sam and Amir: Super duper [both laugh.]



Amir: Hey, I should do that with Jake, remind me?



Sam: you know what we should do? We should go to the movies and see if they're good enough for you and Jake.



Amir: My parents will drive us if your parents will pick us up.



Sam: My parents are not how you say, alive.



Amir: [laughs] oh yeah i forgot.



Sam: [weird voice] They died in a plane crash.



Amir: [same weird voice] They died in a plane crash



Sam: [higher pitch] they died in a plane crash.



Amir: [normal voice] They died in a plane crash, right?



Sam: Yeah, when I was four.



Amir: Right. You know what sucks?



Sam: I think about my parents all the time.



Amir: When you have ab est friend and he never wants to hang out with you.



Sam: Yeah, like I have you but who do you have?



Amir: I have Jake.



Sam: right.



Amir: Right.



Sam: remember that Jake themed birthday party i threw for you on my birthday, I was thinking about having a sequel. 



Amir: Dude, I don't even know what your birthday is.



Sam: It's july 22nd!



Amir: Don't tell me! Now i might forget Jakes.



[both] August 5th.



Sam: And when's mine?



Amir: [silence]



Sam: [sighs and gets up off the bed] I'm going to get some water. [walks passed Amir in the chair] do you want anything?



Amir: no! And only talk to me through the headset!



Sam: I am talking to you through the head set.



[Jake come out from his bedroom]



Jake: whoa get out of my appartment.



[Sam runs to the door and hits it face first and falls to the ground, groaning in pain.]



Amir: Hey, hey Jake when I say 'super' you say-



Sam: Duper!



Amir: No sam STFU.



~end~

													

														Intro:



Amir: Hi, you're watching Jake and Quincy.



Jake: That's half right.



Amir: I'm Jake.



Jake: So totally wrong.







Office:



Amir: Hey Pat you're a dummy ass, so. Did you hear that?



Jake: You were just mean to Pat.



Amir: Mean to him? I was insulting him.



Jake:  So yes.



Amir: Yeah, definitely, yes, of course!



Jake: I guess why?



Amir: We're all basically on a level playing field, right? So I make people feel worse about themselves, suddenly 'hey, this is pretty neat, I'm like a good guy all of a sudden' I feel better about myself when I put other people down. It like masks my insecurities.



Jake:  I'm depressed that you get it, yet you still wanna do it.



Amir:  Dinner tonight?



Jake:  No.



Amir: Can't, either, me neither., so...Jake and now you ask me why.



Jake:  I'm not curious.



Amir: Good question.



Jake: Didn't ask a question.



Amir: I'm doing the Master's Cleanse.



Jake: That's like, where you only drink water for a week?



Amir:  No no, that's the Master's Cleanse.



Jake: That's what you said.



Amir: Yeah. I'm doing the Master's Master Cleanse. Which is nothing. No food, no water, for masters, by masters, four masters.



Jake: So you're not gonna drink anything or eat anything for a week?



Amir:  No, no, no, no, no. Sorry. Two weeks.



Jake:  But I was right about not eating or drinking anything?



Amir: Yes, correct.



Jake: Yes.



Amir: Yes.



Jake: Yes.



Amir: Yes.



Jake: Why?



Amir: I've been eating unhealthy, right, for like ever, always. Yeah forever. Yeah yeah.  So like, now I don't eat anything for 21 days.



Jake: Sounds like three weeks.



Amir:  Right. And all of a sudden, hey! I'm in ship shape now, I'm completely healthy,  I'm cleansed. And I can re-introduce all the bad stuff that I've been eating, only make it worse. Suddenly my options are more limitless, like I can have bacon fat, or butter fat, or carrot sticks DIPPED in milk,  DIPPED-



Jake: Shut up! 



Amir: Ok.



Jake: I mean you're not gonna be able to keep that up. 



Amir: Keep on hating, J. Witz, because what you say strengthens my resolve. Thanks for making me a fighter.



Jake: That's Christina Aguilera lyrics



Amir: Nah.



Jake: Yeah. I mean you're eating a bag of chips right now.



Amir: I was starving!

													

														Intro - Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, and you don't have to be holding my hand.



Amir: And you don't have to call me out on it.







Amir: Jake, do you want a chip?



Jake: Oh my God! What are you doing?

													

														INTRO: Amir (sing-song) - You are watching Jake and Amir.



Jake - Not bad.



Amir - Really?



Jake - No.







(Jake and Sarah laughing)



SARAH: This is unreal. 



JAKE: Oh my-oh! There he is! Come here, come here! 



(Amir enters)



AMIR: What?



JAKE: Did you make a youtube video? 



AMIR: (laughs) That depends. Are you impressed?



JAKE: It doesn't. That's not what it depends on at all. 



AMIR: OK, so no. I don't know-I don't know what a youtube thing is. 



SARAH: Well, my friend just sent me this link.  It's called Amir From CollegeHumor Fails Gallon Challenge. 



AMIR: That's weird. 



JAKE: Why is that weird?



AMIR: 'Cause I just failed a gallon challenge yesterday. My cousin Leron was filming it. What are the odds of that?!



JAKE: Like 100%, man.



(they all laugh some more)



AMIR: This is funny, right?



JAKE: It's embarrassing. 



AMIR: OK.



SARAH: It's like, pretty sad and very disgusting.



AMIR: I know! That's why I'm going to delete it right now.



JAKE: You can't; you didn't upload it.



AMIR: Oh. OK, so what should I do?



SARAH: You should put it on Digg.



JAKE: Yeah, yeah, you should put it on Digg.



AMIR: Yeah, I should put it on Digg. What's Digg then?



SARAH: It's like a site where people put their embarrassing videos.



JAKE: Embarrassing vi-You try and get as many people as possibly to digg it and that means like, to hide it. 



SARAH: Yeah.



AMIR: Oh. OK. So do that, woman.



SARAH: Excuse me? 



AMIR: Sorry.



SARAH: All right, well, we need a title. 



AMIR: OK. Easy.



SARAH: Umm...



AMIR (to Jake): What do you think it should be? 



JAKE: Give it something, like boring, so that less people will want to see it.



AMIR: Good idea.



SARAH: All right, what about 'Gallon Challenge Epic Fail'. 



AMIR: Epic sou-OK, that sounds like a big deal though.



SARAH: No, it's not. It's just stands for, uh, extremely placid...



JAKE: And boring.



AMIR: Oh, OK.



JAKE: He doesn't get acronyms.



SARAH: OK! Uploaded.  



AMIR: Sweet! All right, can you upload photos too? Because I've got one of Jake pi-ossing.



JAKE: N-n-n-n-n-no! 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6pQeOqDJZs

													

														INTRO: Amir - Hi, and welcome to your worst nightmares, britches.



Jake - I think you mean bitches. 



Amir - Whatever.







AMIR: Hey Jake, check it out. (singsong) It's my dick in a box!



JAKE: (smacks the box away) ...



AMIR: Oh, my god!! What the heck is your problem?! 



JAKE: Put your dick away, man! 



AMIR: OK, it was away. It was in a box.



JAKE: My brother is going to be here, any second, and I really--



(Kumail sneaks up behind Jake and covers his eyes) 



KUMAIL: Guess who?



AMIR: I don't know who you are, so I can't guess, right?



JAKE: That's what guessing is. Kumail!



KUMAIL: What's up, brother? Oh, my god.  You must be Amir. I've heard a lot about you! 



AMIR: Well, I've heard nothing about you. 



JAKE: That's because I haven't seen Kumail, in like what, 13 years! 



AMIR: Ho-oh, really? You haven't seen each other since you were negative four then? 



KUMAIL: (chuckles) You were right, he can't even do basic math.



JAKE: Or talk.



AMIR: (gibberish)



JAKE: OK, I'm going to go to the bathroom man, and when I get back, we have checking up to do.



KUMAIL: Yeah we do!  (Jake leaves, Kumail stares at Amir deadpan) 



AMIR: So . . . 



KUMAIL: Shut the fuck up and help me find his pay stubs! 



AMIR: Pay stubs? (an orange is thrown at Amir) God! Uh, he keeps them in Connecticut, in his house, in a safe.



KUMAIL: Really? Darn. Because I found a bunch of them right here. 



AMIR: Oh.



KUMAIL: Now I know you're a liar.



AMIR: Uh.



KUMAIL: This is not good for you. 



AMIR: Yeah. I have to call Jake, I totally forgot but I have to call-- 



KUMAIL: Give me that. 



(Kumail grabs Amirs cell and throws it against the wall; Jake enters) 



JAKE: Hey Kumail, you ready to roll? 



KUMAIL: Yeah, sure thing! This dude just threw his cell phone against the wall. (laughs) 



JAKE: Again? 



AMIR: No.



JAKE: God, you're stupid man. 



AMIR: Jake. Dinner tonight. Right now! Trust me. 



JAKE: Sure, yeah (beat) because, did you know that Amir is the last person on earth? 



KUMAIL: Really? The very last person on earth?



JAKE: Yeah, that's the only reason I'd ever ditch dinner with you and have dinner with him. 



AMIR: No, I'm not--



KUMAIL: Zing! 



JAKE: Later, dude. 



KUMAIL: (ominously) Later, dude. 



(Jake and Kumail leave, Josh enters)



AMIR: (sighs)



JOSH: You gotta stop doing this, man.



AMIR: OK, I didn't throw THROW THAT!  This time. Sorry. Uh, I shouldn't yell. OK, just, uh, so frustrating. 



JOSH: Your dick is out.



AMIR: I know. 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0dRIXMw39E

													

														INTRO: (silence) Amir- Ah, sorry I'm late. Uh, you're watching Jake and Amir.







AMIR: So, how was dinner last night with your long lost bro? 



JAKE: Uh, it was good.  It was expensive, but it was good. 



AMIR: Sounds good. Sounds expensive but it was good. 



JAKE: You're just repeating what I say. 



AMIR: Can't prove that. Why was it expensive?



JAKE: Uh, it's just that Kumail doesn't have like any money right now so I had to pay.



AMIR: He doesn't have any money? 



JAKE: No. Not right now. But he has like this insanely good business idea which is why I invested my last $5,000 in it, and uh, it's going to make both of us rich. 



AMIR: Insanely good business idea? 



JAKE: Yeah, it's called scale.com. You step on your laptop and the site will actually weigh you.



AMIR: OK. That's MY idea, BITCH!



JAKE: I'm kidding! You think I would tell you the business idea? I don't even know it yet. 



AMIR: But you said it was insanely good?



JAKE: It's called trusting someone. Your brother.



AMIR: My brother? 



JAKE: My brother.



AMIR: Your brother?



JAKE: Shut up, all right? Nevermind. 



AMIR: Jake, I don't think Kumail is the trustworthy guy you think he is. 



JAKE: Why? Because I want to hang out with him more than I want to hang out with you?

AMIR: Yes, that. And yesterday when you were in the bathroom, he was like digging around, looking for pay stubs or whatever.



JAKE: Wow.



AMIR: Yeah, so . . . 



JAKE: You've kept me from my own surprise party, you've spied on me in the bathroom, you poisoned my food, but this is a new low. 



AMIR: Yes, but have I ever lied to you?



JAKE: Yeah, sure. You told me you had 60 beers once.  You said you never drop anything. You said you had some new girlfriend--



AMIR: OK, shut up! 



JAKE: NO, YOU SHUT UP! My brother is finally back and I'm happy and he's going to make us both rich and for once I'm not going to let you f**k it up for me. 



AMIR: Frine!



JAKE: Frine or fine?



AMIR: I don't know, why don't you ask your brother. He seems to know everything!



JAKE: You know what? Maybe I will, because he's in the kitchen right now and we're going to get lunch together, bitch!



AMIR: You're a bitch!  



JAKE: You're a bitch.



AMIR: You're the bitch. 



JAKE: You're a bitch's bitch. (beat) Nothing? 



AMIR: You're a ... bitch's bitch.



(Kumail is in the kitchen with Sarah attempting to juggle) 



KUMAIL: You know, Jake said he worked with a bunch of 5's and 6's but you are a legit 7. 



SARAH: (chuckles apprehensively) Uh, thanks. 



KUMAIL: I probably see myself doing you if you know what I mean?



SARAH: Wow, that's pretty clear--



JAKE: Hey, Sarah!  Did you meet my brother, Kumail?



SARAH: Yeah, just did. 



JAKE: Cool.



KUMAIL: Lunch time?



JAKE: Absolutely man, where to?



KUMAIL: Wherever. You're paying. (they laugh) Come on.



SARAH: No. Why would I ever -- (an orange is thrown violently at the wall next to Sarah) 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymm9Tb7XwCU 

													

														INTRO: Jake - Hey, you're watching Jake an--



Amir - I'm really, really sorry. I just have to pee, one second. 



Jake - Damn it. 



Amir - Sorry.







JAKE: Remember when I was 4 and you were 11 and you stole Robbie McGuiness's bike and you blamed it on me, and his friends beat the s**t out of me? 



(They laugh)



KUMAIL: Yeah, how many stitches did you get for that?



JAKE: Forty-eight! You didn't even try to stop them! (chuckles)



KUMAIL: Stop them?! I told them where you were! 



(They laugh some more) 



KUMAIL: Hey, can I borrow 50 bucks?



JAKE: Yeah man, why?



KUMAIL: Oh, so curious. That's why we called you the 'Curious C**k'. 



(Jake laughs)



KUMAIL: Make it 60.



JAKE: Absolutely, I'm going to go to the ATM. (Jake leaves)



(Kumail gets onto Jake's computer)



KUMAIL: Geez, he doesn't save any of his Bank of America passwords. 



AMIR: How's your business plan?



KUMAIL: Oh, my business plan of stealing money from Jake? It's going really well, thanks for asking.



AMIR: You know he trusts you.



KUMAIL: Yeah. I know. That's why he's giving me all his money.  Geez, you are dumb.



AMIR: What's you goal-I mean, what's your goal here, I guess. 



KUMAIL: It's called flying in your Russian girlfriend to Miami so that you can start a new life with her. Geez, what don't you get about this scheme?     



AMIR: I-I get it, I guess. I just, I don't know, I never, I didn't-I didn't know what the scheme was. 



KUMAIL: You know what? I'm leaving tonight, so keep your trap shut until then and we'll be all good. 



(Jake is returning)



AMIR: Yeah, tell me about your scheme--



JAKE:  Hallo, mate! 'ere you go, 100 big ones! Forty extra so you don't have to ask again. 



KUMAIL: Thanks.



AMIR: Jake, can I, uh, actually speak to you tonight, in private, please? 



JAKE: Ooo yeah, that's tempting but f**k no. I'm going camping with Kumail this weekend (Kumail mouths 'No we're not') and I have to go home and pack. 



KUMAIL: All right, Jake buddy, I am out. Remember our plan, OK?



JAKE: Absolutely, we meet outside the Harlem train station at midnight, with all our gear including the biggest tent imaginable--



KUMAIL AND JAKE:  And don't take a cab!! 



JAKE: (laughs) See you then! 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-R1Cp6hkew 

													

														(Caption - Previously on Jake and Amir)



JAKE: My brother is going to be here, any second, and I really--



(Kumail sneaks up behind Jake and covers his eyes) 



KUMAIL: Guess who?



(Caption - Slightly less previously on Jake and Amir) 



JAKE: My brother is finally back and I'm happy and he's going to make us both rich.



(Caption - Straight up the latest episode)



JAKE: I'm going camping with Kumail this weekend (Kumail mouths 'No we're not') and I have to go home and pack. 



(Caption - This is Ghostbusters 2, yall)

(Clip of Ghostbuster 2 plays)

(Caption - Stop.)  







INTRO: Jake - Hey, you're watching Jake and Am--



Amir - You said I could do one!



Jake - You're going to cry?



Amir (whining) - Why?







AMIR: How was your weekend?



JAKE: It was good. Camping. So.



AMIR: Oh, rightrightright, you went camping with Kumail, right? How was that?



JAKE: It wa-it was crazy. It was awesome. We-we hiked, we camped, we talked-we talked for hours. He told me that uh, that I turned out to be a really good person.  That he was happy for me.  That he was proud of me.  



AMIR: That sounds awesome, man. 



JAKE: And I caught a fish and Kumail said it was the biggest fish ever.  So...



AMIR: Where's Kumail right now? 



JAKE: He um, he actually had to take off.  Uh, yeah, he went to go get start on that business plan, so, I can guarantee you that I hear from him very soon.  



AMIR: Definitely.



JAKE: Absolutely. 



AMIR: Hey, you're probably camped out, from going camping uh this weekend, but if you wanted to go with me sometime--



JAKE: I'd be down to go this weekend. Again. 



AMIR: Cool. 



JAKE: Hey. Thanks.



(Caption - Somewhere in Miami)



KUMAIL (on phone, in hysterics): What do you mean you're not getting on the plane, Katerina?! I sent - yeah - I sent you the f@#king money, so get on the-- This is not a pretty day(?), princess.  I cannot go back to New York, I burnt all my bridges there, there's nothing there for me in New York. (begging) Please just, please just get on the plane.  I want you to (squeezes the oranges in his hand) GET ON THE F@#CKING PLANE RIGHT NOW!!! 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEpxwOcSMl8 

													

														INTRO:



AMIR: (to the tune of Do Re Mi Fa) Doe, Amir, a female mir



JAKE: (with little passion) Ray, a drop of golden--



AMIR: (crying) You said you would at least try!







[Jake is using his computer in the conference room.]



(Amir enters and sticks his head to Jake's)



AMIR: AAAH! Hah, head magnets! Hah. Ah, I was just thinking about our camping trip.



JAKE: Still?



AMIR: It was.. insane.



JAKE: Yes. You were insane.



AMIR: I just lost myself in the wilderness, you know?



JAKE: And I found you, with the park ranger, three days later, unconscious in a stream.



AMIR: (yelling) Ok I was THIRSTY!







AMIR: What are you working on?



JAKE: It's that program I told you about, the Big Brother program. You know it's a good cause, you should sign up.



AMIR: It sounds amazing, I just- I just don't know...



JAKE: If you have the time?



AMIR: No I just don't know.. what it is.







JAKE: You sign up and they pair you with a kid.



AMIR: Can I choose who I get?



JAKE: No.



AMIR: Well I just don't want a stupid one.



JAKE: I already said no.







AMIR: What if I get one, and it can't talk?



JAKE: Please don't call them it.







AMIR: How are you gonna have time to do this with our daily summer barbecue and Yu-Gi-Oh! sessions coming up?--



JAKE: Daily what sessions?



AMIR: What?







AMIR: Oh, maybe I can be your little brother.







AMIR: I'm gonna teach my little bro everything my old man never taught me.



JAKE: Cool.



AMIR: Like how to-- Oh, like how to fill up gas, or how to swing on a swing, or swing a bat, or how to brush.. hair OR teeth--







AMIR: Who do I have to cuss out to get two little brothers, you know?--



JAKE: That wouldn't work.







AMIR: (continuing his list) ...how to impress others, how other can impress you, magic... the Gathering, and just regular magic...







AMIR: (staring seriously at Jake) I'm gonna use the C word.







AMIR: (continuing his list) ...or how to laugh, or how to chew, how to wipe...



JAKE: (wincing out of disgust) You don't have to teach them how to wipe, alright, I think they're like thirteen.



AMIR: Huh ok you're right, too soon, don't force it, UNLESS--



JAKE: N-no forcing.. anything!







AMIR: If I have to pay even one cent to this program then I don't wanna do it, you know?



JAKE: You don't have to pay anything, but that's a terrible attitude anyway.



AMIR: (loudly) Not one...... nickel. (winces in hope of being right)



JAKE: Penny.



AMIR: (yelling) FU--







AMIR: (rapping) Alright let's say day one doesn't go according to plan, so I plan to ditch this little bugger, is that kosh?



JAKE: (imitating Amir's tone) Oh, lemme put in your language: no boy, it ain't kosh!



AMIR: (rapping) Yo, that ain't enough from discouraging me from signing up, messin' up his little life--



JAKE: (loudly) Well it SHOULD.







AMIR: Oh my gosh, look at us. (laughing) We're in the prime of our youth, and we're talking about helping out little kids! We should be getting laid!



(Jake gets up and leaves.)



AMIR: Where are you going? Are you going to get laid? Get me one!



END.

													

														Intro-

Sarah:  Hey this is Sarah and you're watching jake and Amir.

Amir:  Oh my God you are a f**king dumb c*t!

Jake: Wow

Episode-

Amir:  Ah, am I ready for summer?  Yeah, I think so.

Jake:  What are you doing?

Amir:  I knew you'd be jealous that I have forty-eight hot summer fashion tips and you have precisely zero.

Jake:  Is the first tip dressing like a schizophrenic homosexual?

Amir:  No, the first tip is white sunglasses.

Jake:  And you memorized them all...

Amir:  Yez

Jake:  What's tip number forty-two?

Amir:  Lace underwear, lightweight, sexy

Jake:  And how does it feel?

Amir:  Lightweight, sexy, really uncomfortable.

Jake:  Tip number eight?

Amir:  Nail polish!

Jake:  I'm impressed that you know all this, but I wish you wouldn't use the little brain power that you have to memorize girls magazines.

Amir:  If they were really girls magazines, would I know fifteen ways to freak HIM out in bed?

Jake:  You wanna freak guys out in bed?

Amir:  Yah, I like scaring people, and now I can do that, in bed.

Jake:  Scaring people like boo?

Amir:  No, scaring people like licking their toes.  Okay, really freaking them out.

Jake: I think this is the most you have ever not gotten it.  And that's saying a lot.

Amir:  I don't know why you're being angry Mr. Leo.  Today is your diva day.  You should act the part at a party.

Jake:  I'm just gonna... I'm gonna ignore you, sorry

(Amir is not in his chair)

Jake:  Jesus, what are you doing!?

(Amir comes up from under jake's desk)

Amir: Freaking you out, sorry for trying!

													

														Sam: (announcer voice) This episode of Jake and Amirwho are you?



Jake: Who are you?







[Jake is carrying a mug into the kitchen when Amir walks into him with an oxygen mask and hood on, startling Jake.]



Amir: We're dead.



Jake: Okay...



Amir: (taking off hood and mask) I don't think you heard me; I said... We're goners.



Jake: Actually, you said we were dead.



Amir: So you did hear me...



Jake: You're the one who said I didn't.



Amir: Right.. OH, what does it matter? I've got swim flu...



Jake: Swine flu.



Amir: Wine flu...



Jake: I was right with swine flu.



Amir: Sure.



Jake: Why do you think you have it?



Amir: I may or may not have open-mouth French kissed a pig snout while he sneezed into my mouth.



Jake: Okay, so you might actually have it.



Amir: Yeah.



Jake: I guess, why did you that?



Amir: I don't know, I was justI guess I was watching the news and falling asleep, and they're like Salads are good for you! or This is bad for you! and This is salads are goodI don't know, I guess I mixed it up because I haven't had a salad since and [Jake: (listening) Okay.]WHAT DOES IT MATTER, I'm gonna die!



Jake: Yeah, you might die. [Amir sighs.] And where did you get a pig?



Amir: Leron has one.



Jake: Your cousin had a pig?



Amir: Well, no... HeI don't know, I don't think so...



Jake: You just said he did.



Amir: Yeah... ugh.



Jake: Okay, tell me exactly what happened.



Amir: All right, I was sitting down, eating a sandwich...



Jake: Don't lie to me about anything.



Amir: OKAY, I was standing up, eating a sleeve of wafer cones, Mom.



Jake: So you lied to me about standing?



Amir: Sure. And then, I don't know, I fell asleep, and then I woke up, and somewhere in the middle I guess I fucked a pig.



Jake: You fucked a pig, or you made out with a pig?



Amir: I know, I'm just thinking worst-case scenario here.



Jake: The worst-case scenario: You're already dead.



Amir: Oh.. my god. So, well, we're hanging out, so this might be Heaven.



Jake: Ooh, or Hell.



Amir: Okay, quick little test: If we are dead [Jake: (responding) A test...], then, I can't KILL MYSELF right now! [Amir grabs knife to wrists.]



Jake: OH MY G



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														(guitar playing, badly)

AMIR: You're watching Jake and Amir!



JAKE: Wow, really bad.



AMIR: (sad) I know!







JEFF: So right off the bat you can see this isn't like a traditional all-American board game. 



AMIR: So right off the bat--ninja star!



JAKE: Right off the bat, pick that up.



AMIR: Right off the bat, you're just trying to act cool in front of Jeff.



(jump scene)



JEFF: Now if you build a settlement on one of these ports--



AMIR: Ah, sorry, one second, I was texting. I--I wasn't listening.



JAKE: You can't even spell. How were you texting?



AMIR: Okay, it's very hard. Thanks for calling me out on it.



(jump scene)



JEFF: And we are ready to settle Catan!



AMIR: Shut the FU--



(jump scene)



JEFF: Okay, just pick a color.



JAKE: Uh, green.



AMIR: I'll be green too. Jake and I are on the same team.



JAKE: No we're not.



AMIR: Well, if you wanna be green, then yeah we are.



JAKE: I'll be white.



AMIR: I'll be white too.



(jump scene)



AMIR: Ooh, can I be the banker?



JEFF: Actually, there is no money in Catan. Instead you barter with resources like wood, wheat, ore, sheep, or clay. (pause) Are you masterbating right now?



(jump scene)



JEFF: So if you roll a seven, you get to--



AMIR: Hold on a second. Uh, Jake, you are amazing and I appreciate you a lot. 



JAKE: Thanks. Good compliment.



AMIR: Sure. Uh, you're perfect in every way, and I wouldn't change anything about you. Jeff, continue explaining--



JAKE: Alright, no more compliments from you.



AMIR: Sure.



JEFF: You guys good?



AMIR: Yeah, yeah, he's great.



(jump scene)



JAKE: Oh, just got a text from Amir. 'Garllln'. Question mark.



AMIR: Okay, that was a typo, it was supposed to be an exclamation point. I was excited.



(jump scene)



AMIR: I'm on a boat and, I'm on a boat and, I'm on a boat--



JAKE: That's a piece from Sorry!. And those weren't the lyrics.



AMIR: Sorry, I'm having a hard time figuring out which one of these are houses and which one of these are candies.



JAKE: Oh, there's a simple rule for that. If it's made of wood, it's a house, and nothing on the table is candy.



AMIR: Right right right. My teeth hurt.



(jump scene)



AMIR: All right, this move's a real game changer, so watch out!



(pulls out balance ball and throws it on table, scattering the pieces)



JEFF: Hey!



AMIR: (flips the board) Don't act like you didn't expect that to happen.



COLLEGE HUMOR

													

														(Amir is on stage with The Takeover UK.)



Amir: (singing) You'll fix everything by just being here-ah! (points at Jake; speaking) So. That one's called When You're Having a Bad 

Day.



Jake: I'm familiar with it.



Amir: You're familiar with it? That's it?



Jake: What do you want me to say? The band did great. You are very bad.



Amir: (satisfied) I was.



Jake: Did you hear what... Amir?



Amir: Yeah?



Jake: Did you hear what I said about your singing? It was very bad? I said it was bad.



Amir: As a band, where do you foresee us going (air quotes) from here?



(Josh starts drumming.)



Amir: ONE SECOND, Bradlin. Sorry.



Nic (Guitarist 1): Uh, his name's Josh.



Josh: Yeah, my name's Josh, I was gonna say that.



Amir: Okay, here's the problem. Usually, I'm rocking that thing, the guitar with the four strings.



Derek (Bassist): No you don't, man.



Jake: The bass.



Amir: The paste, yeah. Usually I'm on the paste, and it's just like



Jake: I said the bass.



Amir: I said the bass.



Derek: You said paste.



Amir: One second, Bradlin. Sorry, but nobody's talking to you.



Derek: It's Derek.



Jake: You keep calling everyone Bradlin and it's not a name.



Amir: Yeah, I know, I know.



Jake: It's... weird.



Amir: Okay, okay, okay, eff him. You know what? ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR! (points at Jake)



(The band doesn't play.)



Amir: (frustrated grunt) Okay, band meeting, one second. (The band huddles together for a meeting.) All right, who here wants to get 

signed?



(Mark (Guitarist 2) raises his hand.)



Amir: So that's one.



Josh: We're already signed.



Amir: Great. (Turns back to Jake.) We are Jake and the Amirs!



Mark: Awesome!



Nic: Uh, we're called The Takeover UK?



Mark: Oh yeah, that's right. Still, I like this guy's leadership.



Amir: Thank you, Bradlin.



Mark: Oh, no, it's Mark.



Amir: Bradlin.



(Mark shrugs.)



Amir and Mark/Bradlin: ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR!



(Mark starts playing, while the rest of the band leaves.)



Amir: (singing) If you're on a boat that you're paddling, horse that you're saddling, if you're on the stage then your name better be 

Bradlin



(CollegeHumor logo)



(The whole band is playing, with Amir on the tambourine.)



Mark: (singing) Bradlin, B-B-Bra-adlin. Bradlin, B-B-Bra-adlin.



(The song ends.)



Amir: That was very bad. Let me do the singing from now on, ready? (clears throat) One, two, threeyou're right.



Josh: One, two, three, four.



(The band starts playing.)



Amir: Brad, Brad, Brad, Brad, Brad, Brad Bra-ad...

													

														Pat is typing at the computer, Jake walks by about to eat a cookie.



PAT: Oh, Jake! Hey, um.. could you help me write, um, this email, to this girl?



JAKE: Yes, oh, a girl! Absolutely. Give me like 30 seconds.



Pat: Okay. No, you know, could you do it now, cause I just want to get it out while the moment strikes me.  



JAKE: I understand.



PAT: (hitting away cookie) So what I have so far is Hello but i thought maybe in this case I should do something more casual cause this is a love letter..



JAKE: Okay, write hey. You need a lot of help, I understand. Alright. (Amir appears from under desk and tries to take cookie. Jake grabs the cookie back). Let's do...



PAT: Hey



Jake: (To Amir) I'm watching you, so don't steal anything from me. 



PAT: I'm watching you, so don't steal anything from me. Okay, strong. It's agressive. I like it. 



JAKE: Okay.



PAT: What else?



JAKE: WHy don't you just say Iy's been really ni-



AMIR: She's soft. 



JAKE: It's been really nice getting to know you (to Amir) and I am going to break your fucking neck. Okay? I'm going to break your neck. 



PAT: I'm going to break your neck. ALright. You know what? 



AMIR: Chewy...



PAT: Good.



AMIR: She's soft and chewy. 



PAT: Your soft and chewy 



JAKE: Compliment her, say she's got beautiful eyes. 



PAT: You've got beautiful eyes. Yeah...



AMIR: Chocolate chips...



JAKE: Don't touch my stuff. Okay?



PAT: They're blue but there's a tint or brown in there, I guess.



AMIR: Yeah, blue chocolate chips or whatever. 



PAT: Your eyes are like blue chocolate chips.



JAKE: (to Amir) Can you leave me alone? Can you just do me a huge favor and leave me alone for the rest of my life?



PAT: Can you just do me a huge favor and leave me alone forever



AMIR: Hard to get.



PAT: I am playing hard to get... she's going to come crawling back to me!



JAKE: This is my cookie..



PAT: (notices what is happening) WHat are you doing? I call you over here to come help write a letter and you eat your damn dessert-



AMIR: Will you just put it down?! 



JAKE: I'm not eating-



AMIR: Will you just put it down please?!



JAKE: I'll put it- I'll put it- I'm not going to eat it-



AMIR: Just put it down!



JAKE: Okay, we're going to put it down right here.



PAT: Thank you.



AMIR: (stretches and reaches for the cookie) I'm just gonna stretch it out- I'm just gonna straight up eat this because-



JAKE: Wow wow wow don't!



AMIR: (bites cookie and spits it out) Ah, God. Empty calories. I just saved you from-



Jake slaps him over and over and forces the cookie into his mouth.



JAKE: You want the cookie right? (Amir is screaming) Is it fucking good? (knocks him to the ground)



AMIR: You're hurting me.



JAKE: Yeah? 



AMIR: You're hurting me! You're hurting me, you're hurting me. (Jake backs off) Um...



JAKE: I'm sorry.



AMIR: Uh, no, I'm sorry, I should not have done that, I ate your cookie.



JAKE: DOn't you dare cut me any slack. Okay? I'm out of line. 



AMIR: Uh, no, we're good. Hey! We're good. 



JAKE: Let me help you up. 



AMIR: Ahh! One second. Let me...



JAKE: I'll get you some ice, how's that? WHat hurts?



AMIR: Everything.. so..just.. uh, you don't have to, I'll just-



JAKE: Don't go. I blew up, I'm gonna go. 



PAT: Okay, message sent... the fuck happened to you?



ending



Sarah reads email. 



It reads:

Hey, I'm watching you, so don't steal anything from me. It's been nice  getting to know you and I'm going to break your fucking neck. You're soft and chewy. You've got beautiful eyes. Your eyes are like blue chocolate chips. Can you just do me a huge favor and leave me alone forever. Your hurting me. I'm sorry, Pat. 



SARAH: Oh my God, Pat... this is beautiful. 

													

														INTRO:



JAKE: Hey you're watching Jake and Amir.



AMIR: Buy my cordless phone on eBay, y'all.



JAKE: What?







[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks.]



(Streeter comes over to Amir and leans on his desk.)



STREETER: Sup, man?



AMIR: Hey.



STREETER: Hey, uh, can you check with the illustrator, make sure the artwork's done for the weekend?



AMIR: Yeah, definitely.



STREETER: Awesome, thanks. (He smacks Amir on the shoulder. Amir flinches in pain.)



JAKE: Wow. You're just gonna let him talk to you like that?



AMIR: Pshh, no! I don't let anybody talk to me, like any way, ever.



JAKE: So you've never talked to anybody?



(Amir smiles, as if saying heheh. ya got me.)



JAKE: You know what I would do if I were you?



AMIR: Develop a secret handshake with me.



JAKE: I'd march right into Ricky's office, and make him choose.



AMIR: Great idea! (He gets up and starts walking to Ricky's office, smiling largely.)



JAKE: I didn't finish.



AMIR: Right. (he turns around and continues the conversation, standing up now.)



JAKE: You make him choose: you, or Streeter.



AMIR: Me. (as though Jake had asked him to choose)



JAKE: Him choose.



(Amir does the smile)



JAKE: Hey, if he even hesitates, if he's like um I don't really know, I guess you, then f*** him! You wanna work under a guy who's not SURE (bangs his fist on the table) who his favorite employee is? No, you don't! You don't deserve that! Do you think you deserve that?



AMIR: Yah! I deserve-, everything!



JAKE: No, you don't deserve that.



AMIR: You're right. I don't deserve anything.



JAKE: You deserve some stuff.



AMIR: Right. Sure.



JAKE: Okay, practice on me.



AMIR: Ricky: choose: me or Sweeter



JAKE: (correcting Amir) Streeter.



AMIR: Streeter.



JAKE: Ooh, I dunno, I guess, uh--and then you cut me off, cuz you just f***ing quit!



AMIR: (exhales) I'm ready.



JAKE: You know what man? F*** Ricky, for even making you ask the question.



AMIR: (exasperated) Okay will you just tell me what to do because I don't GET IT anymore!



JAKE: (leaning back in his chair) March your ass in there and quit!



AMIR: Done!



(The video cuts to a black screen with text that says FOUR HOURS LATER.)



[Amir is putting things from his desk into a cardboard box. Jake is leaning back in his chair, stretching his arm over his chest.]



JAKE: Hey how'd it go?



AMIR: Um... poorly. So.



JAKE: Ooogh. I'm sorry to hear that man.



AMIR: Yeah, I mean, at least I got more money out of it, plus he begged me to stay, so it's not so bad.



JAKE: Yeah well I guess I'm really--...What?



AMIR: Yeah, he said it would cost more money to like find a replacement, so he just doubled my salary. Sorry I didn't get to quit like you told me.



JAKE: Why are you putting your stuff in a box?



AMIR: (mockingly, as though it's obvious) Because I have money now, I can just buy new stuff.



(Jake looks at Amir, stunned at his stupidity.)



AMIR: Jake I'm richer than you.



Jake. (quietly) ...k...



AMIR: Call me Richard. (he does the smile)



END.

													

														Opening Sequence



Amir: Listen up boyees, I'm gonna tell you a riddle.



Jake: No you aren't.



Amir: Deal.







Episode



(Sarah is crying)



Jake: What's wrong?



Sarah: Just got a call from my brother. My mom's in the hospital.



Jake: Oh my god. Is she okay?



Sarah: I don't know. She was(Amir pops up behind Sarah and starts miming her story) she was gardening, and umtrying to reach a really 

tall branch or somethingI don't knowand she likeshe was on a ladder, and she just fell off the ladder onto the ground, and she, 

like, was unconscious for like five hours. No one found her. This car was driving by, like a total stranger, just like, saw her on the 

floor, and like, brought her to the hospital. Like, she was...



Jake: Horrible.



Sarah: She's unconscious, and she's not waking up, I don't know what's gonna happen.



Jake: Oh my god, you should go home.



Sarah: I can't, I have too much work. I don't know what to do.



(They hug, and Jake shoves Amir, so Sarah notices it)



Sarah: What are you?



Jake: Nothing.



Sarah: I'm just so scared.



(Amir squirts lotion in his mouth and starts coughing; Sarah turns around)



Sarah: What the?



(Amir bangs his head on the desk trying to get away)







(Amir is hugging Jake just like Sarah was)



Amir: It hurt more than it looked like it did, okay! Why did this happen to me! Why...



Jake: You're still covered in lotion.

													

														INTRO: Jake - You're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir - Sweet goatee.



Jake - Shut up. Why do you not like it?



Amir - It's stupid. 







(Amir and Sam are across from Pat in a conference room)



AMIR: So obviously Jake is sick today. 



PAT: I didn't know that.



SAM: Well, he is. 



AMIR: Anyway, I've been looking for an understudy, or whatever. Someone to like, fill in his shoes when he can't make it to work.  



SAM: And we think you might have with it takes. 



AMIR: Heh, one second Pat. (to Sam whispering) Cut me off again, and I will ban you from this project. 



SAM: (whispers) I understand, sir. I'm sorry, sir. 



AMIR: Anyways, you guys both have scripts so why don't we just get this party started and don't perform into the camera. 



(Sam takes some quick, heavy breathes)



SAM: Jake.



PAT: (reading from script) Will you just let me work, please? You are insufferable! (to Amir) Wow, this is actually really self aware, Amir.  I'm kind of proud of you. 



AMIR: NEXT!



(blackout)



SAM: Dinner tonight?



STREETER: (reading script) Have I ever said yes to that? It's almost impressive, and not in a good way, how persistent you are. 



SAM: Ah thank you.



STREETER: (still reading) Not a compliment.



SAM: Yes, it was.



AMIR: All right, thank you, Streeter. Are you willing to shave your beard for this?



STREETER: I don't even know what this is. 



AMIR (to Sam): Write down definitely.



SAM: Definitely. 



STREETER: I can hear you. 



(blackout)



SAM: Who that crazy boy, living in a crazy void.



DAN (looking at Sam): ...I don't know what you're saying. 



AMIR: Just read the script. 



DAN (reads from script): I don't know what you're saying. 



AMIR: That was actually really good.



SAM: Agreed. 



AMIR: Don't talk out of character.



SAM: Sorrow. 



(blackout)



AMIR: (sighs) I'm sorry, I'm just not feeling it.



JEFF (holding a sandwich): Not feeling what? And why are you in the lunch room? 



AMIR: NECK!



JEFF: Why do you keep saying neck? 



(blackout)



AMIR: This is terrible. Not one actor among these fools. 



SAM (dramatically and awesomely): In Troy, there lies the scene. 



From isles of Greece



The princes orgulous, their high blood chafed,



Have to the port of Athens sent their ships,



Fraught with the ministers and instruments



Of cruel war: sixty and nine, that wore



Their crownets regal, from the Athenian bay



Put forth toward Phrygia; and their vow is made



To ransack Troy.



(Beat)



(Amir begins laughing loudly, Sam joins) 



AMIR (while laughing): Could you imagine you as my friend, even for like a day?



(Their laughing turns to crying)



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KtYCuqNVpV8 

													

														INTRO: Amir - Hi, you're watching Jake and Amir and I'm high as fudge.



Jake - What did you smoke?



Amir - Nothing.







(Amir is holding a game controller, appearing to play a video-game) 



AMIR: Freak.



JAKE: Hey, Amir? What are you doing?



AMIR: Uh, one second. I'm just WRITING-Ugh, (wrapping cord around controller) I was writing an e-mail but now I'm dead, so. 



JAKE: You're dead?



AMIR: Oh. I'm dea..what? Why? What?



JAKE: You're acting like you didn't say you were dead?



AMIR: N-n-no.



JAKE: You're terrible at being discreet while you are obviously playing a video game. 



AMIR (back to playing): Yeah, I don't even know what that means, so how could I be doing it? 



JAKE: You do a lot of stuff your vocabulary isn't capable of describing, but that doesn't mean it's not happening. 



AMIR: One second.



JAKE: For instance: you don't know what malnourished means. 



AMIR: Correct.



JAKE: But, you eat a diet only of chicken nuggets. 



AMIR (distressed): Can you just shut your pretty mouth and beat this e-mail for me? 



JAKE: I'll tell you what. I'll take you out to dinner if you just make eye contact with me for 5 seconds. 



AMIR: One. (glaces down and back) Two-three-four. (glances down and back) Five. 



JAKE: Five second in a row. 



AMIR: OK, you didn't say that. You have to specify, right?



(Jake takes off show and removes sock to throw at Amir)



JAKE: All right. Catch. (throws sock)



(Amir catches sock in his mouth) 



JAKE: Show me your hands.



AMIR (spits out sock): I'll show you one hand, how's that? And then, when I'm done with that, I'll show you my other hand.  



JAKE: OK.



(Amir raises hand with controller in it)



JAKE: Ooo, you messed up. 



AMIR: (sighs) Dang it. 



(blackout)



(Jake is sat next to Amir as he plays)



JAKE: You know that this is a youtube video right?



AMIR: One second, hardest part, coming right up. Right here.



JAKE: So no. 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8HT0BsbkWcU

													

														Jake is listening to Pat who is talking through a puppet of a fish.



PAT: (Through fish puppet) Hey, that seems pretty fishy to me, Pat. (Now talking to fish) Hey Cortan that's not a fisher- (Amir pushes Pat over) 



JAKE: Hey- 



AMIR:Jake, remember how you told me to hire a fating coach to hit on girls better? 



JAKE: No. 



AMIR: Okay. Sheesh. (Ben Schwartz Amir rolls up in rolling chair.) 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): Amir Blumenfeld, how are you? AMIR: That's my name... 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): Everybody's name is Amir Blumenfeld, it's not a big deal. What's your name? 



JAKE: Jake. 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): Bad example. Okay what are we into guys? Guys or girls, guys or girls? WHat are you into? 



JAKE: I'm just standing here- 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): Guys. WHat are you into? 



AMIR: Girls, then.



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): That would leave you with girls, right? AMIR: Sure. 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): For your two thousand dollars- AMIR: Two thousand? I said- 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): I'm going to get you to have sex with any girl you want in here. 



AMIR: I don't want to have sex with any girl here. 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): (Slaps Amir) You got to go up to her, you got to insult her.You have to make her feel like she made a mistake in life. 



AMIR: I don't have a lot of experience of whatever, but i feel like a good way to do it is to be nice and st- 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): Who's wearing the backwards hat? AMIR: What? 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): Who's wearing the backwards hat? 



AMIR: You are. 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): Okay, okay. Watch this, watch this. I'm going to be kind to you, see what happens. Hey, Amir, that's a really nice looking sweatshirt. 



AMIR: Thank you, I appreciate that. 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): Amir, I fucking hate that sweatshirt. 



AMIR: Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay I see I'm more attracted to you now. 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): Of course. Okay, I want you to point to any girl here and I will guarantee you for those twenty thousand dollars you'e paying me- 



AMIR: Twenty? 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): I will get that fruit loop fuck of yours in that sweet salmonberry's whole any time you want. (Amir points at robot.) 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): That is a robot. 



AMIR: Sure. (Points at Jake) 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): He might be into it, you have to ask hime- JAKE: Stop. (Points at plant) 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): That is a plant, let's try to find something with life and moves... (Points at Hallie) 



AMIR: Ah, noooo. 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): Ah, yes.



AMIR: Ah, definitely no. 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): Yes, that is the reaction that I lok for when a guy likes a girl he usually screams and makes his eyes look weird, okay? hat's your girl. 



AMIR: I've been with- I've- We- We were together. 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): I'm not listening to you don't you remember I never listen to you. Go get it, okay? Go get it. (Whispers into Jake's neck) Crazy, crazy 2009 with the bomb and everything. (Jake laughs uncomfortably) 



AMIR: Hello Hilarie. 



HALLIE: Hallie. 



AMIR: Hallie. Sure. Whatever. Uh, your shoes look like garbage today. 



HALLIE: Okay, thank you. 



AMIR: So.. 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): (Into Jake's neck) That, you see that? That was called negging, what that is called that is called negging... 



JAKE: Your like saying this into my neck. 



AMIR: (No shirt on) I'm just standing out, making you notice me. Is it working? 



HALLIE: I guess. 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): Boom perfect. Peacocking. Do you see what he just did? Standing out. Every girl wants him right now. 



JAKE: It's working? 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): Fuck yeah. 



JAKE: Okay first of all you both look like shit today, which is saying a lot because you usually look terrible to begin with. Secondly, where are you guys going to lunch? Because thirdly, we're coming with. 



SARAH: I am having lunch with my sister. 



AMIR: WHere are you going to lunch? 



HALLIE: I am having lunch with my sister. 



SARAH: I'll give you a minute. 



AMIR: Oh! Haha.



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): What? AMIR: They have the same sister. 



SARAH: Really? 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): 



Amir Blumenfeld. 



HALLIE: THat's his name. 



AMIR: Same name. 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): Everybody's name. What's your name? 



HALLIE: Hallie. 



AMIR #2 (BEN SCHWARTZ): Bad example.

													

														PREVIOUSLY ON JAKE AND AMIR...:



AMIR: Remember how you told me to hire a dating coach to help me hit on girls better?



JAKE: (sighs) No.



BEN SCHWARTZ: (rolls in on chair and shakes hands with Amir) Amir Blumenfeld, how are you.







BEN SCHWARTZ: That's your girl, ok?



AMIR: Sure.







AMIR: I've.. been, I've-- we were.. toge-together--







JAKE: -n with, secondly, were are you guys gonna go to lunch? Because thirdly, (slaps Amir on his shoulder) we're coming with.







INTRO:



DEEP DRAMATIC VOICE (SAM REICH): You are watching Jake and-- (coughs)



AMIR: (clears throat) Amir. Whoa, that was weird.



JAKE: Yeah.







[Jake and Amir are standing outside Ricky's office, while Sarah and Hallie talk inside Ricky's office.]



AMIR: I think I shouldn't be wearing a shirt, remember?



JAKE: (sighs) I don't care, what you do, at all...



BEN SCHWARTZ: (rolls in on office chair) Why are you wearing a shirt? You shouldn't be wearing a shirt. You should be peacocking all over the place.



(Amir looks at Jake with disdain as he takes off his sweater.)



BEN SCHWARTZ: So this is what we're gonna do, we'll lead off-- concentrate, we'll lead off with a joke. (to Jake) Do you know any funny jokes?



JAKE: Guy walks into a bar, ouch.



BEN SCHWARTZ: (laughs like a seal loudly, making Jake and Amir cover their ears and Sara and Hallie look at him strangely) HAHEAH! UEH UHUHUH! UUUEH!--



AMIR: Ah! What's that?



BEN SCHWARTZ: That's the way I laugh. Not a big deal. When you get in there, you guys are gonna be like Raisin Bran over my aunt's ***s, ok?



AMIR: I don't get that! Whenev--



BEN SCHWARTZ: Let's get in there and let's do it. Let's get in there and do that. (to Jake) We'll get you a dick, let's do it.



JAKE: (to Ben Schwartz) Hey!



(The three guys walk into Ricky's office.)



AMIR: Ladies.



SARAH: Amir, Jake. A word. (She gets up and leads them out of Ricky's office, shoving Amir.)



BEN SCHWARTZ: (to Hallie) Is that seat taken?



HALLIE: Um, kind of, yeah.



BEN SCHWARTZ: Yeah, by me, probably.



[Sarah is talking to Jake and Amir outside Ricky's office.]



SARAH: You guys, seriously, how many times do I have to tell you not to talk to my sister? (to Jake) YOU had your chance; (to Amir) You left her in the middle of a park during your date!



AMIR: (unbuttoning his shirt) Yeah, that was a weird thing.



SARAH: What are you doing?!



AMIR: Peacocking! One second!



SARAH: Just leave that on, you guys are both disgusting, god. (walks back into Ricky's office.)



[Ben Schwartz is trying to seduce Hallie, leaning towards her and talking while she leans away.]



BEN SCHWARTZ: --let you be the princess of my--



AMIR: (to Ben Schwartz) Whoa! Amir. A word.



[Amir and Ben Schwartz are talking outside Ricky's office.]



AMIR: K, what the heck was that?



BEN SCHWARTZ: First of all, you gotta pay me that $150,000 when this is done, ok? The other thing is I'm setting you up.



[Jake, Sarah, and Hallie are sitting at the table in Ricky's office.]



JAKE: So...--



SARAH: Don't!



(Amir's voice can be heard from outside the room: --you being nice to her, and you just told me not to be--)



JAKE: ...It's nice to see you. That's it.



[Back to outside Ricky's office.]



BEN SCHWARTZ: No, I was trying to be your fern to a s- a salad sandwich, you know what I mean?



AMIR: Always, with the things I don't get, I don't know metaphors...



BEN SCHWARTZ: Ok, fine, then what do you like?



AMIR: Chicken nuggets, P.O.D., Freddy Got Fingered,--



BEN SCHWARTZ: Ok good, it was like P.O.D. was eating chicken nuggets--



(Amir immediately laughs, and Ben Schwartz joins in with his seal laugh.)



BEN SCHWARTZ: Yeah, yeah, you got it?



[Amir and Ben Schwartz are entering Ricky's office, by foot and rolling chair, respectively.]



BEN SCHWARTZ: Jake, Sarah? A word?



(Jake and Sarah reluctantly get up and leave.)



[Amir is talking to Hallie inside Ricky's office, while Jake, Sarah, and Ben Schwartz listen and watch through the glass walls from outside.]



AMIR: Hi, Hallie, hmhm (awkward laugh) Uh, everyone-- (the camera reveals that Amir is not wearing a shirt) --sorry, everyone is asking me to be one way, or.. another, and, I'm just-- I can't do that anymore, I just have to be honest with you.



HALLIE: That's great, Amir.



AMIR: I think you're a stupid ugly bitch, and I hate your shoes. (clenches his face and crosses his fingers in suspense, while Hallie looks away slowly)



(Ben Schwartz crosses his fingers and gives a thumbs up from outside the room. Sarah grabs Amir's shirt that was on her head and tosses it aside.)



AMIR: So do you wanna... What do you wanna do, do you wanna go on a date, or hug me, or.. how does that work out?



(Hallie gets up and leaves.)



AMIR: Some alone time. Totally cool. I need my space too.



END.

													

														Amir: Raise your hand if you saw Aladin



Jake: The movie?



Amir: What movie?..



Amir: Hey bro thanks for hanging out Saturday night. Favorite part? great question I'll go first. How bout when you ditched the fuck out of me.



Jake: You ditched us when you went to the bathroom for 45 minutes.



Amir: Ok I was hungry and thanks for responding to my text message.



Jake: Ok you mean this one?



9:45 pm - Jake meet me in B room. Got 3 turkey sammys with our name on it literally



I did respod



Amir: O you mean this at 10:15 pm, over an hour later.



Jake: No its not



Amir: Hey dude off to my friends house, talk to you Monday.



Jake: Ok 10:16 pm, one minute later, NO no no no no no wait 30 seconds I'm leaving right now.



Amir: Ok 10:17 pm Alright on the corner.



Jake: Then I get one from you at 11:45 pm, Just got out of B room. Sorry for the lie sauce. Had to buy some time to finish those sandies. Where you izat?



11:46 - Where you at?



11:47 - Where the fuck are you?



11:50 - Ok just got in a cab and told him to drive to on the corner. Please be there waiting.



12:48 - Still in that cab yo trying to sort some stuff out.  How far is this place? lol You are one wild child of the night. This is forever night.  



12:49 - Dang cut me off meant to right this is forever night. 



12:49 - (Again) Yea I'm nice right now.



12:50 - Dag yo this cab is muy expensivo. You best be paying for drinks



Still 12:50 - Where you izat?



12:51 - Where you at?



12:52 - Where the fuck are you?



Amir: O and then 1 am Jakey finally shows up. Hey best friend.



Jake: Just read what I wrote actually.



Amir: Hey dude, going to sleep. Talk to you Monday. 



Jake: Ok 1:01 am, lololol are you fucking joking me.



1:02 am - Ok I'm out 355 bones. Not mad, just really really really pissed.  



1:03 am - Standing on the Brooklyn Bridge right now ready to jump. Text me to stop me playa 



1:04 - And there I go



1:06 - Just met 2 hot chicks and they said they like to party. Come out asap



1:10 -  K didn't really meet 2 hot chicks, but could you imagine the tail we'd collect as a tag team tonight. 



And then 10:40 am, the next morning - Just got my second wind. You guys still out?



O just now, a second ago - Fuck the past, we're better friends for it. Lets go out strong tonight.

													

														Jeff: I'm Jeff Ruben, and this week on Bleep Bloop, we are



Amir: Ah, wrong video, wrong video.



Jeff: Ooh, sorry.







Amir: How are you enjoying the silent treatment, Jakey?



Jake: Well, you're talking to me now, so...



Amir: Well, that'll be the last time today, so... [Amir looks to Sarah.] Sarah, will you let Jake know that this is gonna be the last time that I'm gonna talk to him today?



Sarah: Jake, Amir wants you to know he's not talking to you anymore.



Jake: Thanks.



Amir: Sarah, now will you tell Jake that I'm interested in hearing what he did last night, who he ate dinner with, what he had for dinner, who he was with, why he wasn't at home, or et certa.



Sarah: Jake, Amir wants you to know he's a needy idiot and needs to know everything about your life. Also, does not know how to pronounce et cetera.



Amir: Okay, I didn't say that, Jake.



Jake: Thought you weren't talking to me.



Amir: Ah! Sarah, okay, uh, tell Jake that you were kidding earlier when you were talking about me not knowing how to say stuff.



Sarah: Whoa, Jake, did you know Amir has a huge crush on me?



Amir: HA! In your dreams, bitch. [Sarah makes an Uh, okay. face.] Err, sorry, tell Jake that I said, Ha, in your dreams, bitch, and then let me know what he says... Let me know if he laughs or whatever.



Jake: Y'know, I think you're more talkative when you're giving people the silent treatment.



Amir: Whoa, that's weird; Sarah, is a window open? Because I just heard a draft. [Sarah rolls eyes.] Sarah.



Sarah: Just.. shut up.



Amir: Okay! [Amir clasps and claps hands.] Silent treatment on Sarbear then. [Short silence follows.] Jake, will you ask Sarah if she heard a draft?



Jake: You're talking to me again.



Amir: Sheesh Louish, okay, Pat, will you let Jake know that Sarah is now suffering my silent wrath, and that you'll be the one who



Jake: Pat's not here.



Amir: Oh, FINE! (looking around office) Uhhh, QUINCY, will you let Pat know that if he's not gonna be here anymore, then he should tell me because



Sarah: There's no one here named Quincy, Amir.



Amir: All right! New game: We can only talk to each other, IF



Jake and Sarah: (simultaneously) Just shut up!



Amir: Jinx! HA! Now both of you guys can't talk, so... [Jake and Sarah ignore Amir in silence.] ...Guys? Do you guys hear a draft? ...Quincy? [Screen cuts to black.] QUINCY!



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO: Jake - Hi, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir - Or are you?



Jake - They are.



Amir - Ah. OK.







JAKE: I get it. It looks like a banana vagina, go back to your desk.



(Amir sits at his desk)



AMIR: Hey, babe. 



JAKE: Wow, don't make that a thing you call me.



AMIR: Wow, you're not my MOM! So...dinner tonight?



JAKE: You just yelled at me and now you want to ask me to din--



AMIR: YOU JUST SHUT the f-f-front door...sorry. Dinner tonight?



JAKE: Even if you weren't yelling at me, I have dinner plans already. 



AMIR: OK, just tell me which McDonald's we're going to and keep in mind that three of them won't have me back so to speak, and you know that! 



JAKE: Not going to McDonald's, all right? I'm going to another restaurant called Nina's. 



AMIR: Oh, I've been there.  That's that place where they have that thing where if you cuss at your waitresses you get free drinks. 



JAKE: No, it's not. 



AMIR: Yes it is. 



JAKE: So you've done that? 



AMIR: Yeah, I mean, it's not like this special deal that they advertise, it's like this special audio coupon that you can cash in. I'm surprised you didn't know that.



JAKE: I'm surprised you think it's a coupon. 



AMIR: I mean, it's not like this physical coupon or whatever. It's like the same thing about like when you go to a restaurant and you order something that they don't have on the menu but they'll still give it to you, if you openly weep and you like throw a fit. 



JAKE: Like a temper tantrum?



AMIR: Yeah, like a tempa-tension. 



JAKE: Not what I said. So, do you do this often?



AMIR: No, you can't do it often! You can only do it once at every restaurant in the city. I mean, do you really not know that? 



JAKE: I guess I just feel bad cashing in these types of coupons. 



AMIR: Nah, don't feel bad. I mean, these ones are tame compared to the ones my cousin Leron cashes in.  (laughs) He cashed in this one coupon -- 



JAKE (over Amir): Don't keep going with this story, because I don't want to be implicated and I don't want to hear about what you and your weird cousin do in your free time. It really freaks me out! It freaks everybody else out, all right? Dude, just shut up!! 



AMIR (getting louder as Jake is talking): once where he took hold of this waitress and he just basically, he pushed her in the back and he shoved her against the table and she's like 'Ah, my god!' (incoherent) and just Jake, I'd do it a lot more, OK...



(Amir continues after Jake stops)



AMIR: I'd do it a lot more, if I wasn't so afraid of smelling, tasting, seeing waitress blood and stuff like that.



JAKE: OK, now I've lost my appetite. 



AMIR: Sorry about that, babe.



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g46_qkAPNNA

													

														INTRO Jake - Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. 



Amir - Please, please digg and reblog.



Jake - Wow, don't sound desperate. 



Amir - Sorry. 







(Jake runs into Amir in the hallway)



JAKE: There he is! 



AMIR: There he-I is!



JAKE: I cannot even believe you came into work today, man.



AMIR: Why? It's not President's Day, is it?



JAKE: Dude, after last night, bro? 



AMIR: Oh, bro! Whoa, why? I don't know though, bro. What?



JAKE: What do you think you did last night? 



AMIR: I went to Blockbuster, I rented N64 and Snowboard Kids, why? Do you want to come over or something?



JAKE: Do you seriously not remember? 



AMIR: No.



JAKE: We got drunk last night!



AMIR: Uh, yeah, I don't- I honestly don't remember. Did we? Oh.



JAKE: Oh, my god. It's called blacking out, man.



AMIR: Ah.



JAKE: You must've forgotten the entire night! 



AMIR: Yeah! I think so. This is awesome! 



JAKE: (chuckling) Shit! I had no idea you could drink that much. Did you know you could drink that much?



AMIR: Yeah, definitely. Why? How much though?



JAKE: Try three bottles of vodka!  



AMIR: Yeah! I knew that! I could drink more than that. 



JAKE: I know you can because you had some fucking gin right afterwards!



AMIR: Oh yeah, we had the gymnastics.



JAKE: Yeah, they called you the gin guzzler, yo. 



AMIR: Yeah, they call me the gym guzzler, yo. 



JAKE: The gin guzzler. You were dancing. You were out on the dance floor. You were all being fucking weird. You were shaking your shit around.



(Amir is shaking about) 



JAKE: Yeah, everyone thought you looked like an asshole! 



(Amir abruptly stops)



AMIR: OK. (goes to leave)



(Jake stops Amir)



JAKE: Except for one girl.  



AMIR: Oh. 



JAKE: Who is kind of into it. She walks on over and she's all swaggin' it and you got your confidence all turned on--



AMIR: (swaying) Yeah.



JAKE: --and you grab her by the waist and--



(Amir tries to grab Jake by the waist)



JAKE: Her by the waist!



AMIR: Sure. (faces wall as if that's the girl)



JAKE: All right, not me. And you were like 'Hey, babe.' you kissed her right on the mouth. 



(Amir acts as though he's going to make out with the wall)



JAKE: That's what I'm talking about. And then she fucking PUKED!



(Amir acts as though he's been puked on)



AMIR: Ugh!



JAKE: All over you, it was crazy! How do you not remember this? 



AMIR: I do, uh, yeah.



JAKE: You were fucking cussing her out. You were all pissed about it--



AMIR: Stupid B. 



JAKE: --bouncer, he comes over and he's like 'Hey, you yelling at this girl?'--



AMIR: (motioning as if there's a bouncer there) No! 



JAKE: --and then her boyfriend came over--



AMIR: (now motioning to an invisible boyfriend) Hey, man! No, no, no.



JAKE: Then, he flails you up against the wall--



(Amir throws himself against the wall)



JAKE: --and he's like 'I'm going to kick your ass' and you're fucking pleading with your eyes--



(Amir is making a puppy face)



JAKE: --please don't take my life, please don't take my life. You're begging him with your eyes and he- You're freakin' peeing your pants. You're pissing your pants. He felt bad for you and he just tossed you out on the curb.



(Amir throws himself onto the floor) 



JAKE: You crawled back in and you were like 'Aw, fuck, please Jake, I need to get home--



(Amir is miming along with Jake from the floor)



JAKE: --let me borrow ten bucks to get home. Please, please, please.' Then I lent you ten bucks and I want that back now and I won't tell anybody about what happened last night. 



AMIR: OK, I only have a twenty. But why don't you take it, and you don't tell anybody about last night, twice. 



JAKE: Deal. (turns and walks down hallway) Hey, Rosie, movie is on me! (stops after a few steps and sighs) I feel bad. (turns and walks back to Amir) Let me get another twenty, I don't want to make him walk. We're going to take a cab. We're going to cab it. 



AMIR: You're going to cab it. 



JAKE: (taking the money forcefully from Amir's hand) We're going to cab it. 



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ivBBLxesJY

													

														Opening Sequence



Amir: Gimme a J!



Jake: No time to spell my name.



Amir: Okay, I was spelling my name.



Jake: Then you were wrong.



Amir: Ah.







Episode



Jake: Hey dude!



Amir: (Singing to the tune of Hey Jude) Hey dude, don't make it brr! (not knowing the words)



Jake: Yeah what's up? What are you doing?



Amir: I'm just settling this area, making sure that everything is like... under... control...



Jake: Sure sure, that's cool. Hey uh, quick question: (yelling) where the fuck is my stuff?



Amir: (taking off earphones) Huh?



Jake: You were not wearing those a second ago.



Amir: Sorry?



Jake: My desk is empty, alright? Everything is gone.



Amir: Ooooh, yeah! (laughs)



Jake: (laughs)



Amir: Have you ever heard of eBay?



Jake: Yes.



Amir: It's like an electronic bay...



Jake: I said I heard of it. Did you sell my stuff on eBay?



Amir: No. Well, I tried to. Def tried to. Tried to get some big players, big things, lots of bucks. Almost sold your computer for 10K. 

Split two ways, how does that sound?



Jake: How much would that be?



Amir: (streches his mouth's corners as to show unconfidence)



Jake: You know, never mind. If you didn't sell my stuff, where is it?



Amir: Well, at first I didn't sell it, true. But then, lowered the price, you know. (Begins speaking in British accent) Sans reserve, 

no reserve, got lots of more fishies, reeled a couple in, made some deals.



Jake: Okay, so earlier when you said you didn't sell my stuff on eBay...



Amir: Oh yeah yeah, I meant like, the prices were so low I was practically giving them away. So it was like... it was like a steal, you 

know?



Jake: Yeah, it was a steal. You stole it from me.



Amir: Sure, stole it and sold it brotha, I mean it's highway robbery, you know? What are we even arguing about anymore? I can't even 

remember!



Jake: I guess it's not an argument if you're just admitting everything.



Amir: (rubbing hands) Alright, problem-o solved-o!



Jake: Okay, it's still not, I don't have any stuff!



Amir: Alright, will you just go through your day like you normally would and then, if you happen to stumble upon a problem we'll take 

it from there, we'll cross that river when we get to it, okay?



Jake: Almost sounds logical, but right off the bat I have no damn computer to turn on.



Amir: Alright, right off the bat you usually get some water before you turn your computer on, so it doesn't look like you're stumbling 

through your day like you normally would, right?



Jake: Fine, I'll get some water. (stands up)



(black screen with text: '30 SECONDS LATER')



Jake: (coming back with a glass of water, noticing a computer on his desk) Okay... What?



Amir: (winks and makes a sound with his mouth)



Pat: Where the hell is my computer?



Amir: (whispering towards Jake) We're in the clear! (winks and makes the sound with his mouth)



Sarah: Oh, Amir stole it and put it on Jake's desk.



Amir: (whispering towards Jake) No way he's believing that. (makes the sound with his mouth once more)



Pat: I heard that.



Amir: (whispering towards Jake) No way. (makes the sound with his mouth several times)



Sarah: Are you okay?



Amir: (shakes his head)

													

														INTRO: Amir - I'm not doing the intro because I hate you. So. 



Jake - OK.



Amir - Oh, I could never stay mad at you.







(Sarah and Pat are chatting by a wall, the hallway behind them is in view on the right)



PAT: And then Don Carleone says, 'I'll --



SARAH and PAT: make him an offer he can't refuse'! 



PAT: Oh my god. 



SARAH: So good.



PAT: I love The Godfather.  



SARAH: I know, me too.



PAT: Have you seen it?



SARAH: No. So . . . 



PAT: Um, can I ask you a question?



SARAH: Yeah, sure. What's up? 



PAT: What do you think of Jake and Amir?



SARAH: What do you-what do you mean, what do I think? 



PAT: Well, you know, it seems like they hate each other, but I think recently, it's like, they're like legit best friends. 



SARAH: I don't know. I mean Jake still gets really annoyed. 



(Jake is seen walking in the hallway in the direction of Sarah and Pat. Amir comes from behind and jumps on Jake's back)



PAT: Yeah but, I mean, there's definitely an underlying respect they have for each other.  I sense it. 



(Jake slams into the glass wall and they start shoving each other) 



SARAH: Well, that's true. And, I mean, Amir like sleeps over Jake's house constantly.



(Amir slaps Jake, Jake removes Amir's shirt)



PAT: Yes! And then remember Christmas? They went home together.



SARAH: That's so true. You know, if you didn't know them and you're explaining them to someone, you could almost make an argument that they're like . . .  



(at this point Amir and Jake are both on the floor, still wrestling and Amir is ripping off Jake's shirt)



PAT: What? 



SARAH: I mean they're probably not, but it kind of seems like . . . 



PAT: What? 



(Jake has pulled down Amir's pants) 



SARAH: . . . like they're gay lovers. 



PAT: Come on. 



SARAH: I mean, I'm just saying. I mean, the family visits, the sleepovers, they're always getting into these like lover's quarrels. 



PAT: Lover's quarrels?



SARAH: Yeah, I mean . . . maybe. It's stupid, it's probably wrong, but...



(Amir and Jake are still on the floor wrestling, Amir on top of Jake and Jake's legs up in the air) 



PAT: Yeah, I mean, Jake punched me when we slept together, (chuckles) remember?



SARAH: Yeah. 



PAT: I'm sorry.



SARAH: No, it's OK. It's--



PAT: That was way out of line.



(Amir and Jake finally get up on their feet again) 



SARAH: It's fine. I mean, I just thought we weren't going to, uh...



(Amir pulls up his pants, but doesn't button or zip them, Jake has his shirt over his shoulder) 



PAT: No, yeah. But I thought that that meant we wouldn't talk like outside the office or something. 



(Amir and Jake give each other a low five, both panting) 



SARAH: I mean, or ever.



PAT: Or if it came up organically. 



SARAH: I mean--



AMIR (walking by shirtless): Hey.



PAT: Hey.



JAKE (walks by, also shirtless): What up?



PAT: OK, that was--



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GWPO0JqH3Nk

													

														INTRO Amir - Hi, I'm Russell Crowe and you're watching Jake and Amir.



Jake - You're not even trying to do his voice.



Amir - Whatevah. 







AMIR: So then I'll all like, 'All right, everybody, hit the flippin' gr-floor.' And it's just's like (grabs at button down and pulls a bit) Ahhhhhh!



JAKE: You can't just come over here and be like 'So then I'll all like everybody get on the floor'. You can't just start stories in the middle, that's not how that works. What the hell is on your chest?



AMIR: (holds closed the top of his shirt) What's on it-what's on my--



JAKE: Looks like you wrote something on your chest. 



AMIR: Impossible.



JAKE: It's pretty possible. 



AMIR: Well, it was very, very, very difficult.



JAKE: Just take it off your shirt. 



AMIR: Not yet. Trust me. 



JAKE: All right. You don't have to take off your shirt, but now I'm--



AMIR: OK-ok-ok-ok-ok. (begins unbuttoning shirt)



JAKE: Wow, I haven't even fake bribed you yet.



AMIR: I know, I know, I just, whatever it is, I'll take it, you know?



JAKE (reading): Happy half b-day to me. Now sit down. (pause) Is today your half birthday?



AMIR: Like you didn't know. 



JAKE: I don't think I get it. I don't-I don't get what you're trying to do. 



AMIR: Basically, I thought I'd come in here, everybody would start losing their sheesh once they realized it's my halfie, and then instead of quelling them down 'cause everyone is so loud and stuff, I'd just remove my shirt and the message is displayed. 



JAKE: It's not even polite. 



AMIR: Well, I know. That's why I got Leron to write on my back, 'Thanks again everybody, sorry for making a scene but this is an office so let's all relax.'



(Amir's back actually reads, 'Insert wang here' with a down arrow)



JAKE: OK, that's not what that says. 



AMIR: What do you mean?



JAKE: Didn't you at least double check in a mirror?



AMIR: Yeah! But everything was all backwards so it was difficult to read. 



JAKE: I mean, there's a f***ing arrow.



AMIR: I know,  I thought it was a letter.



JAKE: Then you didn't know. You either knew, or you thought it was a letter. 



AMIR: Then I thought it was a letter. 



JAKE: OK, I know. Look, even if by some small miracle everybody in this office gave a s**t that it was your half birthday and they wanted to clap for you so loudly that you could even *ask* them to stop, if you needed to display a message on your chest, wouldn't you feel weird about admitting that you knew all of this all along? 



AMIR: I'm going to f***ing kill Leron if there's an arrow on my back, I swear. 



THE END. 







OUTRO



AMIR: He's done, simple as that. It's over. 



JAKE: All right. 



(Amir rolls stomach and Jake breaks) 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nL6_Iye91Y0

													

														JAKE: Hi, you're watching Jake and Amir.



AMIR: Your hair looks amazing.



JAKE: Thanks.







AMIR: Oh, by the dubs, you're coming over tonight, cuz I rented Kate  Leopold.



JAKE: You rented Kate  Leopold?



AMIR: Two movies for the price of one, son.  



JAKE: It's all the same one bad movie, and I'm not coming over.



AMIR: Okay, you're gonna feel real bad about the decision if I try to hurt mysel-woah, I have that shirt.



JAKE: Did you say you were gonna try to hurt yourself?



AMIR: No, I said I have that shirt myself. I do.



JAKE: Okay.



AMIR: So.



JAKE: Great.



AMIR: (rapping) When did you decide to put it on?  When did you decide to put it on? (normal) Eh heh heh.  When d'you decide to put on that shirt?



JAKE: Are you rapping or are you asking me a question?



AMIR: Both-ish, answer, though.



JAKE: This morning, right before work.



AMIR: (high-pitched) Aaah.



JAKE: (high-pitched) Aaah.



AMIR: (high-pitched) Aaah.



JAKE: Don't do the stupid laugh, just say whatever you wanna say.



AMIR: (rapping) I'm just saying-



JAKE: And don't rap.



AMIR: (rapping) okay, yo, if you decide to put it on in advance it could be easily done the night before and it's like an easy thing for you to iphone sauce text it away to me so I can know what you're wearing the night before so I can put it on it would be fantastic (rapping in high voice) it would be fantastic like a light sa[sic] plastic.



JAKE: Alright, I'll put it in your language. (rapping) I listened to your story now you listen to mine.



AMIR: Pfffff (i.e., like a drum beat)



JAKE: (rapping) I don't wanna wear that same s**t as you do all the time



AMIR: (rapping) Yes you do.



JAKE: (rapping) No I don't.  And I know I can text you the night before



AMIR: (rapping) Yeah



JAKE: (rapping) But I don't wanna get into the weird things you want me to do anymore.



AMIR: (high voice) Why not?



JAKE: (rapping) So leave me alone for the rest of the day, now that would be fantastic, that would be (points to Amir)



AMIR: (rapping) fantastic.



JAKE: Oh.



AMIR: So. Heh heh.  Alright, let's just agree to disagree on that front.



JAKE: Great.



AMIR: Cool, just text (slips into rapping) me what you're gonna wear the night before-



JAKE: That's not agreeing to disagree.



AMIR: I know, it's just so hmm hmm, sorry, (rapid fire talking) conversation over. It's just so easy.  For you to do it.  (normal) Cuz you have an iphone, so you-  



JAKE: I know it's easy.  It's not about the degree of difficulty.



AMIR: I know, it's ju- you're right.  You are absolutely right.  It's just almost easier for you to send it than not to send it, though.



JAKE: That's not true.



AMIR: I know that's why I said ALMOST, YOU F@@KING A@@HOLE!



JAKE: Okay.  We're done.  



AMIR: Wow.



JAKE: We're done.



AMIR: Wow. Hmm hmm.  Sorry.  That was, ah, (high-pitched) creep alert...crazy.  (normal) Uh, I'm gonna go take a walk, because, yeah, that was not a good thing.  Text me though.  (rapping, Amir gets more intense as it goes on)  Text me what you're gonna wear the night before, peace, I'm out, text it, I'm out son, latah, text me what you're gonna wear and even if you're not gonna kn-know it exactly what you're gonna wear tell me what you're not because of the process of elimination I'll be able to figure it out. PEACE! (Amir makes an explosion sound) (speaks) BOOMS!  OUT!  TEXT ME!



EPISODE LINK

													

														Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: And I bet you I can eat this microphone. 



Jake: No no no no.



(Amir chokes)



Jake: Oh god, no no!



Amir: Okay.







(Jake and Amir are sitting at a table with some food on it. Jake finishes putting a blindfold on Amir.) 



Jake: Alright. Do you know why you're here? 



Amir: Oh sheesh y'all, t'was a dream! 



Jake: Okay. 







Jake: You crying? 



Amir: No!







Jake: I'm gonna give you a blindfolded taste test, see if you like some new food, and hopefully we can expand your diet. 



Amir: Okay, I do expand it already, so. I eat mo' and mo' chicken noogets every day.







Jake: Here we go. (Feeds Amir a piece of pineapple)



Amir: Och. Blach. Oh my god.



Jake: How is it?



Amir: Tastes like a cold and sweet... like a wet chicken nugget or something.



Jake: That's a pineapple.



(Amir spits it out onto the floor)



Amir: Needs barbeque sauce.







Jake: Alright, this is kinda like a chicken nugget: grilled chicken.







(Amir is holding the grilled chicken)



Amir: The shape is good. Honestly, the shape is good, but I'm gonna put it on the floor for now. We'll file it under 'F' for floor.







Jake: Man.



(Amir tries some water and spits it onto the floor)



Jake: Oh!



Amir: Oh, god! What is this, poison?!



Jake: It's water!



Amir: It's so... not salty.







Amir: Alright, next thing better not be green because I swear I'm allergic.



Jake: That's impossible.



Amir: Yeah I thought so too, until I ate that moldy piece of bread last week. Remember?







(Jake is putting down the water)



Amir: Uhhhhhh...



Jake: Don't be sad, it's fine. It's fine.







Amir: Alright, untie me you fool!



Jake: You're not tied up.



Amir: Oh. Yeah. My hands feel really weak.



Jake: It's probably your diet.



Amir: Yeah, probablwell, definitely my diet.







Amir: Alright, just put it in my hand and I'll put it in my mouth.



Jake: Fine.



(Jake puts a piece of broccoli in Amir's hand and he throws it away)



Jake: You're not even gonna try to be discreet, huh?



Amir: Nay.







Amir: Oh my god, I'm blind!



Jake: You're blindfolded.



Amir: No, it's even darker here than yooj!



Jake: Try opening your eyes.



Amir: Okay, I'm not an idiot, okay, it's notah.



Jake: What did you do?



Amir: Uh, nothing. I just adjusted something, nothing you told me to do. Bitch.







Amir: Wanna just chill in here for a little while and talk smack about Jeff?



Jake: So you forgot why we're here in the first place.



Amir: I think it's quite obvious I have.







Amir: Ready.



Jake: Ready, here you go. (Puts the chicken in Amir's mouth, or rather, just between his teeth)



Amir: Yummy!



Jake: That one good?



Amir: Yeah, supa.



Jake: You like that one?



Amir: It's a good one.



Jake: That's a good one. You like it a lot



Amir: Yeah.



Jake: Put it in your mouth, all the way.



Amir: Nah.



Jake: Put it in your mouth all the way and eat it. You're not chewing it. You're not chewing it. You're not doing anything.



(Amir spits it out)



Amir: Well it tastes like garbage!







(Jake is holding a chicken nugget)



Jake: Chicken nugget. Do you think I was gonna feed this to you accidentally?



Amir: I don't know what you're talking about, so.



Jake: Alright, well, here we go. (Feeds Amir a cauliflower)



Amir: Mm. Yummy.



Jake: You like that?



Amir: Yeah.



Jake: That's cauliflower, man. Amir?







(Amir is choking Jake on the table)



Amir: I f**king trusted you you son of a bitch!



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO:

Jake: You're watching Jake and Amir.

Amir: And I'm not wearing women's shoes.

Jake: Wasn't gonna bring it up.

Amir: Bring what up?

DISEASE:

(Amir at Jake's desk on Jake's computer)

Amir: Holy Sheesh! Oh my frigg! Nobody can know about this!

Sarah: Amir, you're yelling!

Amir: SORRY! Sorry. (whispers) Sorry.

(Amir crawls under desk as Jake approaches and hits his head on his way back up on his side)

Amir: Ah! Oh, how goes it, broseph and the technicolor dream bro?

Jake: It's fine, it's going fine.

Amir: (bad accent) Nothing you want to confide in me? Nothing you want to confide in me?

Jake: Nope.

Amir: 'Cause kid you know you can tell me anything, kid. You know that, kid?

Jake: Yep, and stop calling me kid, I know.

Amir: Especially secrets.

Jake: Right. I don't have anything to tell you.

Amir: Yeah, so like for example, like a secret would be if you got a disease or whatever and you didn't want anybody to know but me, that would be an example of a secret that you could tell me.

Jake: Sure. Nothing to tell you this --

Amir: OKAY, JAKE, COME ON I KNOW YOU GOT THE T-SHIRT VIRUS MAN I'M SORRY BUT YOU KNOW YOU CAN TRUST ME I WON'T TELL ANYONE!

Jake: You're yelling about it right now.

Amir: Also, I checked you're email, and that is totally messed up, I shouldn't have done that BUT, if you think about it, the ends justified the means, bro, and this just a classic case of that --

Jake: Okay, you know what? I know you've been checking my email, so I wrote a fake email from a fake doctor just to fuck with you, that's what happened.

Amir: (laughs) Yeah right. Honestly, I wish I could believe you, but the doctor, Doctor Poop that wrote you that email, he straight up said that one of the symptoms was lying. To me, specifically. So, I don't know what to do write now.

Jake: Yeah. Well I also put that in there.

Amir: Ha! So you mean to tell me that if I stand up, take off my shirt and yell that "I'M A HUGE PERVERT, I'M A PEDOPHILE AND A PERVERT" that doesn't help cure you're little disease?

Jake: Right, yeah, that's part of me f**king with you.

Amir: (clears his throat) I know, ha, I was... Just checking. (sits down with shirt over his head) Um... I knew that you knew that I was reading you're email, so... that was me messing with you.

Jake: Oh, snap, good one man. How were you messing with me by the way?

Amir: Huh?

Jake: How were you messing with me?

Amir: Ahh

Jake: Okay, that's what I thought. I was just making sure.

Amir: Cool. So like all that stuff you bought on Amazon, all that weird sex stuff, that was just part of you messing around with me?

Jake: Yes, yes it was...

Amir: That makes a lot... like why would you buy self --

Jake: HAHAHAHA NO, NO, SHUT UP AHAHA STOP MAN HAAHA.

Amir: So funny...

Jake: Yeah...

Amir: (to other people off in Pat's direction) Hey guys --!

Jake: NO, NO, NO!													

														Intro 

Amir: Hi You're quatching Jake and Amir.



Jake: Watching



Amir: Okay so type it correctly Bitch!



Amir: Hey uhh... can I talk to you for a sec? ... can I talk to you for a second?



Jake: No.



Amir: Okay I just needed girl advice but I'll go somewhere.



Jake: Oh whoa If it's something normal like that then I'm actually happy to help what's up.



Amir: umm Well there's this girl Jenny who I've sorta was my best friend growing up and uh thru highscool we had this tension and one day in college something like happened but it wasn't really sex and there was this weird chemistry.



Jake: So you wanna kinda like take.



Amir: Well um I recently found out that her father molested her growing up.



Jake: Oh my god.



Amir: Yeah it was bad.



Jake: That's terrible.



Amir: news... and I recently saw her with her boyfriend. She has like this boyfriend who is super political active and he was hitting her it was like.



Jake:  You saw, what did you do?



Amir: I mean I went up to her and was like he should not be hitting you jennah and she was like get away from me and she walked away.



Jake: Jennah? Or Jenny?



Amir: Jenny yeah.



Jake: Oh okay.



Amir: Yeah so I don't know then I finally got that shrimping boat that me and bubba were talking about and you would not guess who became our first mate.



Jake: Lieutenant Dan.



Amir: Lieutenant Dan!



Jake: What is wrong with you! You know I believed you, you can't...



Amir: Okay! 



Jake: That's seriously messed up.



Amir: Okay I just felt like running and I mean box was like a box of chocalates. Momma always said. We invested in fruit company. You got new legs? Haha. Oh something just jumped up and bit me.



Jake: Okay I think I'm just going to go.



Amir: Okay we just ate barbecue shrimp, fried fish.



Jake: It's the wrong character.



Amir: Dollar shrimp. There is no crying in baseball.



Jake: Wrong movie.



Amir: Bawaweewah... I like.

													

														INTRO



Amir: singing Every morning there's a halo!



Jake: Really, really bad.



Amir: I know!



Jake: Just.. come on.







Jake sees Amir sleeping on his desk



Jake: Come one, wake up.



Amir: Ah wake up!



Jake: You have an apartment right?



Amir: Yeah. You have an apartment.



Jake: I do, I'm not sleeping in the office.



Amir: Ha!



Jake: Where's your apartment?



Amir: Third.



Jake: Third? So you're not living here. You address.. what is it?



Amir: Six.



Jake: Okay.



Amir: Six third. Sixty-third street. Six third, Sixty-third street. Uhm, I'm gonna go wash and brush.



Jake: Something you can do at your apartment if you had one.



Amir: *laughs while touching Jake's shoulder.



Jake: Don't touch me.



Amir: touches Jake's shoulder again I have



Jake: Yeah. Go. Go brush your teeth, man. Pound it. Peace out.



Amir: Peace out! touches Jake's shoulder again



Jake: Peace out.. alright.



Amir: Vat is thees?



Jake: It's my email. You're good right?



Amir: What are you doing?



Jake: You don't have to touch my shoulder anymore.



Amir: I don't have to, I was just being friendly.



Jake: It's fine.



Amir: touches Jake's shoulder again Oh my god! laughs



Jake: I don't want to be touched.



Amir: What is wrong with you?



Jake: Nothing's wrong with me.



Amir: These aren't knives, okay? Oh no! I think I'm gonna massage your shoulders oh my--



Amir tried to reach for Jake and he slams Amir's head on the desk.

Jake carries Amir back to his desk and lies him down



Jake: Hey man, wake up.



Amir: Hey man wake up. Ah my ahhhh how long have I been sleeping?



Jake: The entire night, I think.



Amir: Jeez.



Jake: Alright, you're good.



Amir: I'm good.



Amir reaches for Jake's shoulder and he pushes Amir off his desk.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9tP4LKhmBs

													

														Amir: You think you know, but you have no idea...



Jake: They probably have an idea.



Amir: Okay, congratulations, Einstein (pronounced Einsteen).







[Amir stands at a table where he has three red cups and a ball set up. Jake is walking nearby.]



Amir: Jake, step right up! See if you can follow the ball! All you have to do is follow that ball, follow that ball... See if you can follow it... follow it... Go.



Jake: Are you even trying to do magic? The middle cup.



Amir: Wrong. It's the right one.



Jake: Oh, wow... That's impressive! I have to go back to work now; I have to do actual work 'cause we have real jobs. Do it one more time.



Amir: Okay, here we go. Ball is in the right cup. [Jake: All right, just go.] Movin' it around a little... Keep your eye on the pry! Which cup is it in?



Jake: Okay, I get it now. Pretty simple, man. Right cup.



Amir: Wrong. Left cup.



Jake: Wow, congratulations! The world's first retarded musician!



Amir: Musician, or magician?



Jake: Okay, I said magician, buttfuck; just do it again.



Amir: All right. [Sarah enters.] Step right up. See if you can follow the ball. And... where is it?



Sarah: Center cup!



Jake: Wow, I thought so too, but I'm a little bit smarter than you. Right cup.



Amir: Ah, Sarah was right; it's in the center cup.



Sarah: Thank you!



Jake: Okay...



Sarah: Oh, I totally get it! (goes to whisper to Amir)



Amir: (laughs) Yeah, that's it.



Sarah: (laughs) Can I kiss the magician?



Amir: (laughs) Yeah, sure. (smooched by Sarah)



Jake: Do it again.



Amir: All right, just one last time though, 'cause I think you're getting a little too pissed or whatever. JustAll right, it's in the right one, right? Follow that ball. Follow that ball... All right, where is it?



Jake: Okay, well, I know it's not in th(knocks over cups in frustration) DAMN IT! COME ON! ...My fault, my fault. Do it again.



Amir: All right, hey, but.. honestly, this is the last time, right? In the center, okay? (moves cups) ...Go.



Jake: That one right there.



Amir: Which one?



Jake: Middle.



Amir: (picks up cup, smiling) Yeah, it's in the middle.



Jake: ...No, FUCK IT, I was guessing. (grunts, then kicks bin filled with play pen balls)



Amir: Okay, hey, hey, hey, look, look, look, okay? They're cut. They're cut open in the back. I just move them[Jake: Oh...] I move from behind, all right? That's how it works. It's not magic; it's just... cut open from behind, and... it's real.. yeah.. simple, right?







[Scene cuts to Jake performing the same trick at Sarah's desk.]



Jake: So then the trick is that there are these slits in the back of the cup. And you had to figure it out, it's pretty tough, but I did it. Kiss for the magician? (leans to Sarah)



Sarah: No...



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO Amir (in a silly voice) - Hey, I'm Jake Hurwitz and you're watching Jake and Amir, Amir is awesome. 



Amir - Oh, thanks, Jake. 







(muffled sounds of an automated voice)



JAKE: What is that noise?



AMIR: Oh, don't mind me, I'm just reading...a book. Ever heard of it? (chuckles) 



JAKE: Doesn't look like you're reading a book. 



AMIR: Exactly!



(pulls out Kindle from drawer, 'with my trusty vibrator' is heard clearly)



AMIR: I got a Kyndle.



JAKE: It's a Kindle.



AMIR: Whatevah. 



JAKE: I cannot imagine a product that would be of less use to you. 



AMIR: What are you talking about? This thing is great!



JAKE: Why do you think it's great?



AMIR: Let me ask you this. What's the worst part about reading?



JAKE: Nothing.



AMIR: Wrong. The reading part. And that's exactly what the Kyndle does--



JAKE. Kindle.



AMIR: --for me, so that I don't have to. 



JAKE: Are you even listening when it reads to you?



AMIR: No. That's the great part. I just put it on this talking text program, shut it in a drawer, I can barely hear it. Doesn't distract me at all, no fuss, no muss. 



JAKE: What's muss? 



AMIR: I don't know.



JAKE: What books have you read so far? 



AMIR: Oh, tons. I mean at least a baker's dozen, let's see. Just last night I read uh, Hercules, Catcher in the Rye, Lolita--



JAKE: What were they about? 



AMIR: Who gives a C? The important thing is I can tell people I read them. 



JAKE: Reading isn't about bragging rights. 



AMIR: (chuckles) You are so jealous you haven't stolen one of these from Pat yet.



JAKE: You stole it from Pat?



AMIR: Can't prove that. Good news is, now that I don't waste any time reading--



JAKE: You never spent any time reading.



AMIR:--Well, now that I don't spend any time reading, me and you can hang out more, maybe we can discuss some stuff.  Talk about, oh, I don't know, books. 



JAKE: Books. OK, yeah, let's talk about books. 



AMIR: You would love that, wouldn't you?



JAKE: I mean you're the one who--



AMIR: OK, you know what, if you need me I'm going to be reading in the conference room.  (throws the Kindle off to his right)



(off camera)



PAT: My Kyndle! 



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPe2pg0wdGg

													

														Opening Sequence 



Amir: When I say Jake, you say Amir. Jake.



(Silence)



Amir: Wow, I hate you.







Episode 



(Jake, Amir and some others are sitting in a room)



Amir: Alright guys, thanks for coming to El Meeting.



Vincent: Uh, you didn't call this meeting.



Amir: Uh, I know, I'm just thanking people for coming to it. Or is it illegal to thank people ya fat prick?



(New Scene)



Jake: Okay, we just need to plan this intern appreciation surprise party.



Amir: (Lifting Jake's arm) Exactly, me and my boyfriend were talking about it



Jake: (Angrily jerking back his arm) Ugh, what the hell are you doing!



Amir: What?



Jake: I'm not you're boyfriend.



Amir: Oh my god, sorry, you're a boy and you're my friend. Relax, I misspoke.



Jake: Okay, so you're justifying it or you misspoke? Which one?



Amir: Yes.



(New Scene) (Amir is being restrained and screaming at Jeff.)



Amir: fucking face you Jew! Give me a reason to kill you!



(New Scene) (Everything is back and calm)



Dan: Alright, so how do we get the interns in there without them knowing it's a party.



Amir: (Laughs) I'm sorry, who are you?



Dan: Uhm, Dan, I've worked here almost three years dude.



Amir: Oh, dude, okay, dude, this is how we do things around here bud. Round 1: when you..err (knocks on table). Wow, totally spaced 

out. Uh, no, but, he uh, B-Brad said something good which was, uh, that, say that one more time? How are we going to get them there 

without them knowing that it's a, cause it's a surprise... He's uh... New guy made a dec' point! (Talking in high pitch) Holy crap, 

sound the alarms!



(New Scene) (Amir is being restrained and screaming at Jeff again.)



Amir: I wanna diiie! Hit me you fu



(New Scene) (Everything is back and calm)



Jeff: A lot of the interns are under 21, so we're go



Amir: So you can't fuck 'em.



Jeff: So we're gonna have to be careful with alcohol.



Amir: (Speaking to Jake) You said I couldn't fuck 'em!



Everyone but Amir and Dan: You can't fuck them!



Dan: (Simultaneously with everyone else) You can't butt fuck them!



Amir: I know! Relax, moms.



(New Scene)



Pat: Yeah I can call the karaoke place, but someone else has to dial for me because Amir broke my fingers



Amir: Are we married to the karaoke idea? Because it sounds like a sausage fest, and gay marriage is illegal in New York (laughs). 

Nothing, huh? No laughter, but if Jake says it everyone's fucking cracking up I bet.



Jake: They wouldn't crack up.



Amir: I would be! I would be.



(New Scene)



Amir: (Rapping) And we, appreciate you interns, wanna jump up and down, wanna move you to the left like a glass of Pepto Bismol, ain't 

no



Dan: Okay yeah you shouldn't freestyle at the party, that was really bad.



Amir: Okay I think it was bad too, man.



(New Scene) (Amir is being restrained and screaming at Jeff again.)



Amir: Hit me in the fucking face!



(New Scene)



Pat: So, if the room is 300 dollars for the night



Amir: I'm sorry, do I have to be here anymore?



Everyone else: No!



Amir: Fuck it! I'm staying, just, can we please (gesturing and trying to whistle) hurry it up? (Speaking to Jake) Can you whistle when 

I do that cause I can only... (tries to whistle again)



Jake: No.







Outro 



(Amir is walking by some interns sitting at a table)



Amir: Thursday night, surprise party.



Intern: What?



Amir: Thursday night, surprise party, so. Run by moi, for yoi, so. Act grateful. (Claps) And surprised.



(Camera pans to Jake, who looks annoyed)

													

														INTRO:



AMIR: Hey, you've reached Jake and Amir; leave a message.



JAKE: This isn't your phone.



AMIR: Wha'eva.







[Amir is in the office's kitchen trying to free his hand from the sink.]



(Jake enters and goes to fill a cup from the water cooler.)



AMIR: Ahoy!, matey! How goes? heheheheh (cackles in a silly manner)



JAKE: What's up.



AMIR: Ah, no, just washing.. my.. hands? (as though he's going to say ever heard of it?) heheh



JAKE: Cool. Just about done there?



AMIR:  (in a British (Canadian?) accent) Yea just about done there. Uh, lata'.  (in falsetto) See ya!



JAKE: I've never seen you wash your hands before.



AMIR: Yeah, no, have you? hahah PEACE! blpblpblbpblbp (motorboat noise)



JAKE: Are you stuck?



AMIR: No, I'm not, so uh, one second, gimme, uh, I'll catch up with you later! Where are you gonna be, by the desk area? (playfully) Get out of here!



JAKE: You constantly are following me around, you always want me near you, and now you want me to leave.



AMIR: (playfully) I want you to leave! Get out! Get outta here, you!



JAKE: Alright, fine, I'm gonna go, man; I'm gonna go to McDonald's. You wanna go to the Dees? Wanna come?



AMIR: Ahhh.. Yeah! I do, I do.. aeahh that is why you go and I'll meet you there in five-- bring me a Band-Aid, please?



JAKE: Check this out: nuggets. (Places a box of Chicken McNuggets on a shelf above him.) I'll leave them right there for you. Good?



AMIR: Ah,, I think I can go a day without.. THE NUGGETS, ahahaha, I'm pretty good without it, toss me them, toss me them to me, toss them to me, because I changed my mind for a second--



JAKE: Ok, so you, you're not stuck, but yet you can't--



AMIR: (yelling) Ok do you want your phone back or not?!



JAKE: (now yelling as well) My phone?! What are you doing with my phone?!



AMIR: (as though Jake doesn't have a reason to yell) Oh my God relax, I was just checking your voicemail!



JAKE: You were checking my voi- I'm not gonna relax, why were you checking my voicemail?!



AMIR: (Begins running the water.) Because I'm crazy!, alright, you know that! For two years I've been annoying you and I've been insane, how can you be surprised right now!?



JAKE: Ok you want me to start pretending that that's the norm? You're running the water! Why would you be running the water?!



AMIR: Yeah it's called floating the phone to the top, ok?! (falsetto) Cream rises, bitch!



JAKE: Ok, you're acting like this is my fault!



AMIR: Ok, you're acting like this is MY fauAHUAAHAHAhhlt. (yanks his hand free of the sink on accident, it's covered in blood).



JAKE: Wanna go to the hospital?



AMIR: Yeeaah.



END.

													

														INTRO Jake - Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir - Four dollars, please.



Jake - The videos are free. 



Amir - For now. 



Jake - Forever. 







(There's a thunderstorm, Jake and Pat are looking out a window)



PAT: Man, it's crazy out there.



JAKE: Yeah.



PAT: Hey, where's Amir?



JAKE: I'm not sure, I saw him before, but I don't know. 



(Jake walks away)



PAT (calls after him): Which is it? You saw him before, or you don't know?



(Jake enters office, Amir is hiding under the table)



JAKE: Yo.



AMIR: AH! 



JAKE: What are you doing in Ricky's office?



AMIR: Oh, am I? No, uh, I was . . . oh god, I was looking for a coin, I dropped a coin and   I'm going to find it. I'll be uh, out in hours, so. 



JAKE: How many hours?



AMIR: One. 



(Jake joins Amir on the floor)



JAKE: So you're afraid of the storm?



(Thunder claps)

AMIR: Noo-OOO!!



JAKE: No?



AMIR: Why? Storms just a, psh, whatever and thunder is uh, kind of scary, but whatever, it's just a noise, right? It's just a noise! 



JAKE: Yes.



AMIR: So.



JAKE: You're right. 



(Thunder clap)



AMIR: AHHHH!!!



JAKE: You OK? 



AMIR: Yeah, uh, I just stubbed my toe.  I keep stubbing it. 



JAKE: OK, you're lying down though. 



AMIR: Yeah, I'm lying down because it hurts so badly. So. Uh, could you do me a quick favor actually?



JAKE: Yeah.



AMIR: Yeah, I'm just going to put on these headphones, listen to music, close my eyes and wait for the storm to pass. Just come get me when the sun comes out, please? 



JAKE: OK, I'll do that. 



AMIR: OK, wh-wh-whoa, one more quick flavor and then you can bounce on out of here.  



JAKE: Sure.



AMIR: Stay. 



JAKE: What?



AMIR: St- I want you to stay. I'd like it for you to stay and then rub my back and wait for the sun to come out and then you can, psh, peace on out of here.



JAKE: OK, so you want me to stay?



AMIR:  Yeah, or you can do whatever you want, I don't care. Just stay. Just stay though.



JAKE: OK, what if I don't want to stay?  



AMIR: OK, what if I want to write Sarah a love letter and say it's from you? We can all do different things--



JAKE: And why would you tell her it's from you? 



AMIR: OK, then I'll just tell her it's from you. 



JAKE: OK, she wouldn't believe you.



AMIR: (high pitched) OK, fine, then we'll see.



JAKE: (also high pitched) Yeah, we will see, I guess we'll just see. I'll stay.



AMIR: OK, thank you. RUB IT COUNTER-CLOCKWISE, BITCH!



JAKE: It is counter-clockwise.



AMIR: Ooo...it is counter-clockwise, I'm such a tough guy- (thunder clap) - AHHHHH!!!! Sorry. Oh, my lord, I just peed a little in my pants. 



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPMbQytLbUs

													

														INTRO  Jake - You're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir - And if you ever stop watching Jake and Amir, I will find you --



Jake - Relax! 



Amir - And kill you.



Jake - No. 







(Amir and Jake are sat on a couch in Ricky's office)



AMIR: (chuckles) I am telling you dude, you are a bed hog. 



JAKE: And I'm telling you that I don't want you sleeping over at my house anymore. 



AMIR: OK, so you just gave me keys to your apartment, for what?



JAKE: I didn't give you keys to my apartment.



AMIR: OK, but you haven't changed your locks yet, for what?



JAKE: Why should I have to change my locks all the time?



AMIR: OK, you know what? I'm not going to come over tonight and we'll see how happy you are.



JAKE: That would awesome. Thank you. Don't--



AMIR: OK, reverse psychology, always works, I'm coming. 



RICKY: Guys! I didn't invite you in here to argue. 



AMIR and JAKE: Sorry.



AMIR: Bitch. 



RICKY: Uh, anyway, have you guys heard of this show, Two Months two Million? 



AMIR: Definitely.



JAKE: No.



AMIR: No. Definitely no. Definitely no. Why? (to Jake) Let me finish though, when I - I haven't- I haven't finished yet, definitely not. What's up?



RICKY: It's a show about these four online poker players in Vegas and they have two months to get to two million dollars in earnings.



AMIR: Actually, Ricky, if you think about it, that sounds pretty Ace.  (to Jake) What do you think, man?



JAKE: Come on. 



RICKY: Yeah, well uh, they're doing a sponsorship of the site and if you want I can fly you guys out there to interview them? 



JAKE: That sounds pretty cool. 



AMIR: What do you think, man? 



JAKE: Umm, I don't know.  I'm not sure if Vegas is really for me, it's a little crazy.



AMIR: Yeah, it's a little, agh, too crazy. I think we're going to pass on that, we'll pass on that graph.



JAKE:  You know what? It might be fun. I'll go. 



AMIR: Yeah, you know what? Sure, we'll go. 



JAKE: I thought you were going to pass? 



AMIR: No, uh, yeah.  I was going to pass and then what you said, you changed my mind and I'm like 'OK, you know what, eff it', you only live twice. So, we're going to go. 



JAKE: Go. 



AMIR: I'm going to go. 



JAKE: Go, man. I'm going to stay here, you go--



AMIR: I'm going stay--



JAKE: --have fun.



AMIR: --I'm going to stay here with you. Why? What are you going to do?  



JAKE: I'm going to hold down the fort, you know? You go--  



AMIR: y-y-yeah, true. We're going, OK, uh, Ricky, final answer, our final answer is that we're going to hold down the fort and that you can just call us the fort holders from now on.  Two fort holders.



JAKE: We are not going to be the fort holders. Tell you what. I'm going to write down my answer on a piece of paper.



AMIR: Sure.



JAKE: You're going to do the same thing.  We're going to give it to Ricky.



AMIR: (trying to reach for Jake's paper) Let's write it down.



JAKE: Privately. 



AMIR: Oh, OK. 



JAKE: And then, we each - we each do our own. 



AMIR: Yeah, you know what, Rick, hey, this paper has both of our answers, just right on it.  It's like - It's like a bond that ties us.  



RICKY: Yup. You guys are both going. Already bought your tickets assuming you would say yes. You leave tonight. 



AMIR: Vegas, baby! Vegas, baby! Vegas, baby!



JAKE: Stop quoting Swingers at me. 



AMIR: What's swingers at you? It's not a play, is it?



JAKE: No.



THE END.  



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEyIKpyyBTE

													

														[Jake and Amir are sitting on a couch, talking to the camera.]



JAKE: Hey, we're Jake and Amir, and we want you to come to the Vimeo Meet-Up--



AMIR: I'll SUCK YO DI--



JAKE: (to Amir) No no NO, no.



(Pause)



JAKE: (to the camera) We just want you to come to the Vimeo Meet-Up--



AMIR: And I'll suck yo--



(The video cuts to the The More You Know animation, with three voices singing  The vimeooooo ...supermeetupparty.)



END.

													

														Intro:

Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.

Amir: You're ar rezy erz er erb

Jake: You're not a robot.



It's daytime at a Las Vegas hotel. Jake and Amir are sitting at a desk in a hotel room. Jake has a deck of cards on the table.



Jake: Blackjack is simple.



Amir: Hey, that's a little racist for my taste. Maybe it shouldn't be a Jack, it should be a black, like a gangster.



Jake: Okay, that's actually racist.



Amir: Yes. Oh, yeah, yeah, okay.



Jake: Right. The important thing to remember is that Jacks, Queens, and Kings are all worth ten.



Amir: Okay, so how much is a ten worth?



Jake: [hesitates] Ten.



Amir looks upset at Jake.



Jake: It's - okay.



Amir slaps Jake across the face with his right hand. 



Amir: When were you going to tell me that?



Jake and Amir are now playing with the cards. The cards are flat on the table so Jake can show Amir how to play.



Jake: You have fifteen with the dealer showing ten. That would mean you want to hit.



Amir raises his right arm and tries to slap Jake again, but this time Jake blocks Amir's hand with his arm and slams it on the table.



Jake: Not me.



Amir looks like he's in pain but moves his hand.



Jake: I'm sorry.



Amir: Nah, don't be. I messed up and you deserve to hit me.



Jake: Okay



Amir: I was kidding!



Jake: Okay, you have a ten and a seven. How much is that worth?



Amir: Thirty-one. Er! Twenty-one.



Jake: No, seventeen.



Amir: No. Yeah, seventeen. I thought you multiply them together or something.



Jake: Would still be wrong.



Amir: [annoyed] Ah!



Jake: What?



Amir: Still be right. Okay, I think I'm ready to go downstairs and play.



Jake: How many cards are dealt?



Amir: Uh, Queen.



Jake: No.



Amir: Okay, just keep teaching me and stop being a dick about it? [flips the top card in the deck over]



Amir is now holding the deck of cards in his hand.



Amir: Alright, maybe we should learn how to count cards. [flips a card] One, [flips another card] two, [flips another card] Aahh! Um, okay, let's go back to basic strategy.



Jake: That's a basic strategy. [Takes deck of cards from Amir]



Amir: Yeah. 



Amir has the deck of cards. Jake is looking away from him with his arms on the table. He is exhausted and pissed off. Amir pulls a card from the deck and holds it up to Jake.



Amir: Was this your card?



Jake: They're all my cards. You made me pick every card. [Finally looks at card]



Amir: [Looks at card] Just a yes or no, and then we'll move forward.



Jake: Yes.



Amir picks another card from the deck and shows it to Jake. Cut to Amir holding the deck in his left hand.



Amir: And that's why they call me [hold up half to deck to Jake] the King of clubs.



Jake: That's the seven of diamonds.



Amir: I'm that - yes, I'm that too.



Jake: You're a seven of diamonds?



Cut to Amir jumping up and down on his bed. Jake is looking away again. The deck of cards has been abandoned on the table.



Jake: You know I don't have to teach you anymore if you don't want.



Amir: Okay, okay, just give me just five more minutes! T-bag.



Amir jumps onto Jakes bed while Jake looks at him surprised.



Jake: You know what? Let's play this instead. [Hold up deck] If it's red, say fire. If it's black, say smoke.



Amir: Smoke.



Jake puts that card down to reveal the next card.



Amir: Fire.



Jake shoots the deck at Amir and the cards fly into his face. Amir squeezes his eyes shut, then looks sadly at the disorganized cards. Jake smiles.



Jake: Come on, it's funny.



Amir still looks upset.



Cut to Jake knocking on the bathroom door. He looks full of regret.



Jake: Amir, are you there? I'm really sorry.



Amir: [opens the door from the inside] I'm really sorry! Sorry for ever trusting you! [slams door] 



Jake sighs and covers his face with his left hand. Amir opens the door again.



Amir: You still there?



Jake: Yeah, I'm here.



Amir: Okay.

													

														Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!



Amir: Please RSVP.



Jake: For what?



Amir: Anything. I don't know.







[Jake and Amir are in Las Vegas to interview the cast of the show 2 Months 2 Million.]



Jake: (to camera) Hey, we're Jake and Amir [Amir holds up a gang sign, when Jake puts Amir's arm down.]; we're here with the cast of 2 Months 2 Million. (gesturing) We have Jay, Emil, Brian, and Dani... and wanna ask them a little bit about the show.. Could you just tell us aboutabout the show?



Brian: Sure, the show...



Amir: (whispering to Jake) (inaudible) for a second. [Amir gets up.]



Jake: (to Amir) Don't.



Brian: Basically, the four of us, um, you know, we're all poker pros.



Jake: Okay.



Brian: Uh, every summer, we come out to Vegas.



Dani: (gesturing to Amir) Whatwhat is he doing?



Jake: He's.. he's fine. He's just taking a walk.. place.



[Amir knocks over a water bottle, picks it up, and hesitates to drink it.]



Brian: Yeah, so we come to Vegas for the World Series of Poker; every year, we rent a house. You know, we're like two-months-a-year roommates.



Dani: So let me know (inaudible).



Brian: So it's just documenting our lifestyles, you know, in Vegas every summer. You know, we play poker; we party.



Amir: (approaching computer, laughs) Tell me about it.



Brian: Yup. (inaudible)



Emil: G4 has decided that the world must see what goes on here.



Brian: Yeah, you know, you wanna...



Jake: Nice. HaveHave any of you guys ever hit a royal flush? [Cast laughs.] Does that happen?



[Amir meanwhile tries to play online poker and attempts to place a bet by getting a dollar bill out of his wallet and placing it on the computer screen.]



Brian: I'd say the mostwhohow many royal flushes have you hit in your life, Jay? Just guess.



Jay: I don't know, three.



Jake: Three?



Jay: Three or four.



Brian: Three?



Jake: Howhow many poker handshow many hands of poker do you think you've flipped?



Brian: I think I had a royal flush probably twenty-five times, thirty times.



Dani: We probably all played over a million hits of poker (inaudible).



Jake: Oh my gosh.



Amir: (playing, to crew and Jake) I'm in.



?: Nice (inaudible).



?: I betI bet a million dollars.



?: WhatWhat's he doing on Dani's computer?



Jake: He's not on Dani's computer; he'sI think he's checking his email. He's fine. Hey! Me, me, me, me. (snaps)



?: Yup.



Jake: We only have a few minutes for the interview, so come on now. Focus. (claps)



Amir: (playing) I'm all in, yo.



Jake: High school. Royal flushes.



?: Royal flushes.



Jay: Royal flushes. 



Amir: (playing) Oh sheesh.



Jay: The second time I hit a royal flush I yelled really loud.



Amir: (playing) I am down... CanGotta win it back.



Jay: (inaudible) hit a royal flush?



[I absolutely cannot piece together a thing they're saying. Something about a cure?]



Jay: Because it normally made me (inaudible).



Brian: (inaudible)



Jay: And I'm not gonna (inaudible).



Jake: Oh. Gee.



Amir: Yo, I gots to win it back. I'm down.. one-zero, come on. Zero, zero, zero...



Jay: If you reenact the screen that you (inaudible).



[Dani peers over to Amir.]



Jake: Hey, Dani, Dani, Dani! Dani?



Amir: I'm all in (inaudible). (mimicing) Dani, Dani, Dani.



Jake: Not you, all righthe's fine. Uh, let'sw



Amir: I'm all in, yo.



Jake: You don'tno, you're not.



Amir: I'm all in (inaudible).



Jake: He's notHe's not even in anything.



Emil: Is he playing poker?



Jake: He's not playing poker. He's



Dani: Is he playing on my account?



Jake: No, no, no, he has his ownit's not even poker. It's fine.



?: (inaudible)



Amir: Whoa... (watches the money go)



Jake: Okay, no, he'syeah.



Amir: Yeah...



Jake: Uh.. Giancarlo, this isn't going to work. Um



Amir: Hey.



Jake: I can'tI can't interview them like this, you know?



Amir: I'm almost done.



Jake: No, you'reyou are done.



Amir: I got...



Jake: (gets up to get Amir) Yes, uh... We're just gonna go. We're just gonna go. (grabs Amir to leave)



Amir: No, no, no



Jake: Come on!



Amir: Hey! I have to win that backI have to win the money back.



Jake: N-no, you don't! You don't, you don't...



Amir: I'm down, like, ten zeros!



Jake: Get it



Amir: Get off of me!



Jake: It's fine.



[Crew laughs.]



Jay: That was the weirdest interview!



Jake: (still hurrying out) You lost all their money; you stole



Amir: I didn't (inaudible).



Jake: You lost a lot of money.



Amir: Hey, relax, okay? We're all.. friends or whatever here. (laughs)



[Shot moves back to game room.]



Dani: Holy shit. He was playing on my account.



?: No, he wasn't!



?: No!



?: You were logged in?



?: No way!



?: You were logged in?



[Shot of Jake and Amir sprinting out, and then back to game room.]



Brian: What just happened?



Dani: I don't know. [Brian laughs.]



Brian: And I still got all these empty tables, and everyone else has a lot of money.



[Shot moves to Jake forcing Amir outside house.]



Amir: You're really hurting my neck!



Jake: I don't care. (inaudible)



Amir: (stops in tracks) Hey, w-w-wait.



Jake: What?



Amir: I left my wallet.



Jake: What do you have in your wallet that's worth it?



Amir: I have, I don't know, sprobably six Pogs, a Connect Four thing, I don't know.. a Coke bottle tab!



Jake: Okay. (grabs Amir) Okay, it doesn't really matter



Amir: Leron's gonna rip me a new one, please! JustI'm not



Jake: They're going to murder you. You



Amir: I'm not afraid of little poker players, okay? Relax.



[Shot cuts to Jake waiting for Amir, when he arrives appearing disheveled.]



Amir: (giggles) Got my wallet.



Jake: Oh my god.



Amir: Yeah, it's an n-big-d. (grabs Amir to inspect injury) Uh, they were nice guys.



Jake: Yeah, your back is bleeding.



Amir: Yeah, I'm feeling light-headed; I'm gonna sit down for a second.



[Jake helps to lower Amir down to the ground.]



Jake: Okay.



Amir: Okay.



Jake: You're okay.



Amir: I'm okay.



Jake: You're okay.



Amir: I'm okay.



Jake: You're okay.



Amir: I'm okay.



Jake: Oh...



Amir: Oh...



THE END



EPISODE LINK



NOTES: Evidently, I know next to nothing about poker so I may have missed out on some lingo. I also am not completely familiar with all the guys' voices so some names may not be right when someone's talking off-screen. There were a ton of inaudible things I just couldn't put together so if y'all could help, that would be awesome comploodle. Be as nitpicky as possible. :P Oh, and a huge congratulations to the cumulative and collaborative effort of this subreddit to have now officially transcribed every single Jake and Amir video ever. Oh sheesh y'all.

													

														Dare



A: Bonjour je le soir je Jacques une Amir



J: You think that was French?



A: Spanish



J : (to Sara) And then I was like F it, yo, I'm all in. And the shit hit.



Sara: Wow that's great. How much did you win?



J: Actually I actually ended up being down 25 cents because it's an arcade and you only get tickets, but I got a shit load of ticke



A: (Drops blanket he's holding) SUP! You talking about Vegas stories because I have a goodt one. Jake walks into the place completely sw



J: No no no no no. we weren't talking about Vegas stories, right? We're talking about, um, dares that Amir could do.



A: Ohh Okay. I'm hearing. (cleans glasses)



S: You're listening?



A: I'm -- whatever okay bitch. Just tell me the dare and watch me go



J: Do you know who Amanda is?



A: No



J: K, well she works here, she sits over there and we were thinking that it might be really cool, fun, if you just walked over and kissed her on the lips



A: Well, I'm cool and fun, so check this out. (walks off)



(Pops back in frame) Jake fucked a stripper. Sorry. You interrupted me earlier and I just wanted to get that out there before the dare



(to Amanda) yeah so I don't know , I jet ski a lot so--- (incoherent talk)  a little bit of that going on. Who whats that? (points, Amanda looks, Amir swoops in, Amanda turns back, Amir retracts) Uahh (goes back in, knocks her over)



Amanda: Agh, What the fuck?! (falls over backwards)



(Amanda is pushed by in wheelchair)



J and S: ...Hey, Feel better, good luck tonight..



A: Wow, that...was..AWESOME!!  AGHHH! You guys owe me so much money. PAYUP! Pay the man!



J: We never said we were going to pay you anything. And, you really hurt Amanda.



A:Hurt her?...what are you talking abou



S: Yeah she's in a lot of pain, okay? I feel really bad.



J: A lot of pain? She can't feel her legs, that's the opposite of pain, right bro? (reaches for a Jake Hi Five, no response)



J: Okay look. New dare, alright. I dare you to not tell anyone anything about the last dare and it was all your idea.



A: ...It was all my idea? Oh, okay I see what's going on here. I'm about to knock TWO DARES out of the park, IN ONE DAY! UGH! (Reaches for another Jake High Five, Jake meekly responds, Amir slaps Jake's butt)

													

														INTRO



JAKE: You're watching Jake and Amir.



AMIR: At the same time.



JAKE: What?







AMIR: Rager...rager tonight, if you're in.



JAKE: Uh...no, thank you.



AMIR: (holds phone up to his ear) Uh...sorry, uh, I'm on the phone, actually.



JAKE: Oh, alright.  



AMIR: That's fine.  



JAKE: My bad.



AMIR: (to phone) Yeah, should be fun.  Raging party, or whateva.  Uh...anybody can come. (to Jake) You can come if you want, comprende.



JAKE: You talking to me?  I can't go.



AMIR: I'm- I'm on the phone still.  Uh...sorry.



JAKE:  My bad.  Go ahead. Sorry.



AMIR: (to phone) Uh, no, I'm not really on the phone.  I'm not, no, I'm not on the phone at all.



JAKE: I can hear what you're saying.



AMIR: (to the phone) Okay, hold one on second. (to Jake) Can you give me 5 minutes? Can you give me just 5 minutes cuz I'm on the phone!



JAKE: Sorry, you just keep on...never mind.



AMIR: Yeah



JAKE: Sorry, my bad.



AMIR: (to the phone) No, no, no  I'm just pretending to be on the phone so that when I invite Jake to stuff, he bas- he basically uh,  if he says no, then I can just say oh i'm on the phone or whatever, it's a way to, like, protect my feelings. Does that make sense? Does that make sense to you?  Hmm?  (to Jake) What?



JAKE:  I didn't say any- 



AMIR:  I'M ON THE PHONE!  OKAY? I'M ON THE PHONE! CAN YOU SHUT THE FK UP? CAN YOU JUST SHUT THE FK UP FOR THIRTY SECONDS?  I'M BEGGING YOU, PLEASE! YOU CAN SEE THAT I'M ON THE F**KING PHONE!  JUST SHUT UP!



JAKE: I didn't say - 



AMIR: Zip it. OK? Zip it. Zip it, good.  Ex-zipit A.



JAKE: Will you stop quoting Austin Pow-



AMIR: Oh, who throws a shoe?



(silence)



AMIR: (to the phone) Anyway, Leron, it's me uh, call me back.  Groovy baby.  Shagadelic.  Bye. Sorry for the super-long message.  (to Jake) What's up?



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO:



JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir



AMIR: Coincidence?



JAKE: No...



EPISODE:



[JAKE is doing push ups on the ground in an office]



[JAKE gets up, sits, and faces camera, interview style]



JAKE: I'm pumped up, does my chest look big?



MAN: Yeah



JAKE: Is it big?



MAN: Mhm



JAKE: Alright, ready?



JAKE: Hey Real World, my name is Jake Hurwitz AKA J-Witz, I love partying, I hate clubbers, punks, bitches, and drama. I'm just a twenty four year old dude from Manhattan, tryin' to make a life, by myself, and uh, whatever



[AMIR in background, outside of office, rummaging through trash]



AMIR: Whoa...Oh my God, popcorn y'all! Food for free, food for me.



JAKE: That was a really good take,we should probably...



AMIR: Oh, free bread y'all!



[Pan and zoom to Amir]



MAN: Is he eating out of the garbage?



JAKE: Yeah



AMIR: Gimme gimme more, gimme more...



JAKE: That's Amir he does that a lot.



AMIR: gimme more [giggles] Oh yeah, oh yeah, lower my leg, F my F F my...I love it



MAN: Does he...



JAKE: No, do you want to help him?



[AMIR continues giggling, Streeter approaches him]



STREETER: AMIR what the hell are you doing?



AMIR: What the hell man, get the hell away this is MY food [Points plastic knife at him]



STREETER: That's a knife! Jesus! [Runs away]



[Amir continues rambling and rummaging in background]



JAKE: He has a knife...



MAN: How long has he been doing this?



AMIR: Popcorn oatmeal sandwich



JAKE: Since I met him three years ago, probably long before that.



AMIR: Jake's gonna love this



[Amir begins walking towards office]



JAKE: He looks okay, he found some oatmeal, let's just roll, I have to, I have to do push ups again.



AMIR: Uh, Jake, you want some oatmeal? I just made some, I whipped some up if you're..



JAKE: I watched you pick it out of the garbage can, you didn't make it.

[Amir  turns to leave, Jake returns to face the camera]

JAKE: Hey Real World I'm..



AMIR: JAKE. I'll be here [Points to trash]



EPISODE

													

														INTRO



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: You just got rickrolled, bitch.



Jake: That's so dated.



Amir: Thank you soulmate.







Jake: Hey I'm Jake Hurwitz, welcome to BFF, the game show that finds out -







The camera cuts to Amir, who walks in front of a security guard.



Amir: Oh! Hey! My friend Jake is like hosting this BFF show on the other side. I just gotta get in.



Guard: we're rolling right now. You can't get in.



Amir: I know, I know, but my best friend is on the other side, I don't think you heard me.



Guard: A lot of people's best friends are in there right now.



Amir: (laughing) A lot of people's best ... a lot of people's best...



Amir throws a punch at the guard. The guard catches his fist.



Amir: Oww! GOD!



Amir begins to walk away, but then turns around and charges at the door.



Amir: You know what?



The guard pushes him, and he falls to the ground. The camera cuts back to Jake, speaking with two women.







Jake: Colleen. What does Alex make when she really needs a comfort food?



Amir can be seen walking in the background of the shot. 



Staff: Wait. Cut! Cut!



Amir: Yeah. Cut! That's what I was here to tell you guys. Guys, we're gonna cut, and then Jake, check this out.



Amir pretends he is walking down a flight of stairs.



Jake: Hey, hey, you can't be here, alright? You have to go. You have to go back to work now.



Amir: I'm going back to work, relax!







The camera cuts to Jake having makeup applied. Amir rushes in from off-screen.



Amir: Woah woah! Is this noncomedogenic?



Makeup artist: N-No...



Amir: N-n-n-n-n-n-THEN DON'T PUT IT ON HIS FUCKING FACE! (Whining) I'm sorry, but come on, he's gonna break out!



Jake: Relax, it's fine.



Amir: I'm not gonna relax. (suddenly calming down, talking to artist) Where did you learn how to... what's it called...



Jake: Makeup.



Amir: Put makeup on? No, there's like a one word. Sorry, what is it?







The camera cuts back to the set. Jake is talking to the show's staff. Amir is in the background cutting down scenery.



Staff: Dude, dude, dude. The...



Amir: Cut. I think we're good. Let's cut.







The camera cuts to Amir behind the camera.



Amir: What's up? Talk to me, I'll tell him.



Staff: We're shooting a show.



Amir: He says I'm cool to stay for a little while.







The camera cuts to Jake posing with over sized plastic scissors. Amir tries to sneak into the shot.



Staff: So if we could just have the host of the show?







The camera cuts to Jake talking with the staff on set.



Peter: Let's do it one more time, but this time, like, gimme something I can...



Amir: Hey buddy, what's your name?



Peter: I'm Peter.



Amir: Peter, hi, what's up dude?



Amir pushes peter to the floor. The staff gasps.







The camera cuts to Jake looking at cue cards. Amir grabs them from his hand.



Amir: No! Come on! No! No! Come on guys, those are pink! Ugh, I told you blue!



Staff: We need those cards...



Amir: You need those cards?



Amir pushes the man, but he is pushed back instead.



Amir: Okay, hey, Jake, get him! You saw what he did to me!







The camera cuts to Jake on the set with Amir standing behind the camera, talking to the camera man.



Amir: That's my dude right there.







The camera cuts to Amir in a different part of the set.







Amir: (whining) Guys, guys, where is Jake's latte, where is Jake's latte, where is Jake's latte, where is Jake's latte!



Jake: I don't want a latte.



Amir: I know, it's for me. 







The camera cuts to Amir in a different part of the set.



Staff: We're shooting a show.



Amir: I know.



Staff: Leave!







The camera cuts to Amir talking to a member of the staff using a computer.



Amir: Question: Can I see Jake's contract, for one second?



Staff: No.



Amir: No. I actually thought, why would you give someone's Jake's contract, it's like...



Amir grabs the closest piece of paper and runs for the door.



Amir: Later bitch!



Amir fails to open the door, and struggles to unlock it.



Amir: Oh my god, how does this...? I'm so sorry. cuz, uh, I do this, but it's still locked. It's like, jammed.



http://www.jakeandamir.com/post/173050353/game-show-host

													

														INTRO



Amir: Yo, I don't need a script.



Amir rips his script.



Amir: You're watching...uh, sheesh.



Jake: Okay, you did.







Jake is sitting in an office doing work on his computer. Amir walks up to the door and tries to pull it open only to discover it's locked. Amir talks to Jake through the door.



Amir: Hey.



Amir knocks twice.



Amir: Hey comprende, ah, door's locked. You accidentally locked the door.



Jake: Yeah, I'm trying to do some work on my own, so...



Amir: Ah, okay. Um, unlock it for a second.



Jake: Look I'm really behind on some stuff and I just want to get it done without you distracting me. I'm sorry.



Amir: Aight, cool, peace.



Jake: Peace.



Amir knocks three times.



Amir: Ah, unlock the door-



Jake: You're still pulling-



Amir: for one second and then I can come inside.



Jake: You're still pulling on the door.



Amir: Just unlock it for one second, and then I'll open the door, and then I'll come inside.



Jake: Okay, I don't want you to come inside.



Amir scoffs.



Amir: I mean once I'm in there we can relock the door.  I mean, in fact I'd insist on it because there's like a lot of annoying people out here and I don't want us to get distractoid.



Jake: Okay, how's this? I'll just come outside when I'm done. Okay?



Amir:Latah.



Jake: Latah.



Amir: Peace.



Jake: Peace.



Amir rattles the door a little.



Amir: Latah.



Jake: Did you leave?



Amir: Yeah.



Jake: Then how can you hear me? And how come I can still see you?



Amir: Oh my god! Hey.



Amir knocks three times.



Amir: Can you, uh, unlock the door for a second? I have to go pee.



Jake: That sounds like a great reason not to come in this room.



Amir laughs.



Amir: Yeah. Good call.



Jake: Good call.



Amir: Hey open the door. I wanna high five you on that good call.



Amir puts his hand up and high fives the glass wall.



Jake: Air-five, right there.



Amir: Nah, nah, nah. It has to be the rea- the real thing.



Jake: Alright, peace.



Amir pulls on the door again.



Amir: Peace. Peace I'm out.



Jake: Later.



Amir: Later tron two-thousand and four, yo.- 



Jake: Alright.



Amir: -This is beat.



Amir laughs.



Jake: Peace out robot.



Amir: Okay, bye.



Jake: Bye.



Amir walks away, but runs back at the door, ramming into it with his body. Jake gets up. Amir ends up laying on the ground by the door with his glasses looking disheveled. Amir knocks on the door three times with his head. 



Amir: Hey dude, uh, me again. I think I left something in there. Can you open the door for a second.



Jake opens the door.



Amir: Wassup?



Jake: What's up?



Amir: I fell.



Jake: You fell.



Amir: Down.



Jake: Okay. Do you want to come in? You can come in if you want.



Amir: Thank you so mu-



Amir tries sitting up, but is in too much pain and has to lie down again.



Amir: Ow! Actually,ah, hey, I think I'm gonna, you need your space, right? So I'm gonna chill out here.



Jake: Okay, fine.



Amir: Yeah. We'll talk soon.



Jake gets up and let's the door close. As the door is closing Amir has a change of heart.



Amir: Actually, you know you could probably carry me in.



The door closes more.



Amir: Hey, J-j-j-j-j-, wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-wai-



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO:



JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir



AMIR: Big whoop, so am I. Easy money.



JAKE: What?







[Jake and Amir sitting at their desks]



AMIR: Whoa, Jake, I just realized something big. The sky is blue because of.. the scattering like, sunlight fragmi--mints, and then, a prism, and, your human eyes.



JAKE: That was smart. Even though you kinda went off into sentence fragments at the end there and made no coherent point, I think you're smart because you used big words. And then when you finished, you raised your eyebrows at me, which really solidified the point that you knew exactly what you were talking about.



AMIR: Yeah, o- I mean on a sunny day, reighley scattering gives the sky a blue gradient, dark in the zenith and light near the.. horizon!



JAKE: Wow. It sounded a lot like you were reading from Wikipedia, but I know for a fact that you couldn't have been because you were raising your eyes to look at me every few seconds to prove that you were speaking your own original thoughts.



AMIR: Absolowly.



JAKE: You mean absolutely.



AMIR: (stumbling as he makes up a definition) No, uh, I mean absolowly, which is.. Franish for.. absolutely.



JAKE: Oh, ok. At first I thought you misspoke, but the way you spun it around on me, and me realize that I was wrong, makes you look smart, and me look stupider by comparison. (Amir makes a variety of strange faces). Especially because I didn't even know Franish was a language, but I know that it must be, because you said it with such conviction and confidence. Even now as I talk, you're just nodding your head, which makes me realize that you knew you were right all along--



AMIR: (rapping) Yo yo SO, son, I wanna jump around and make ya go.... AAAH! (Amir's aaah noise)



JAKE: That was a tight rap. (Amir continues making strange faces.) Normally raps have to rhyme, but you delivered it in such a way that made you seem like a professional freestyler. You know, even when you seemingly couldn't think of the next word you kind of just went aaah and shook your head, which made me realize that you were purposefully done talking. As a result, I'm your good friend now and I want to hang out more, take you to McDonald's and just generally hang you with you as much as possible.



(Amir pumps his arms up and down with his palms upward.)



JAKE: Now you're raising the roof, which I thought was outdated, but I know that it can't be outdated because you're doing it. I've grown to respect you so much in the last few minutes. I'm realizing you're not getting my sarcasm, even though I'm laying it on very thick.



(Amiir squints and nods.)



JAKE: Now you're squinting and nodding because you know you should be comprehending something, but you're still not.



(Amir smiles.)



JAKE: And now you're smiling because you think that I think that you understand--



AMIR: (childishly impatient and exasperated) Are we gonna go the the Dees or not?!



END.

													

														INTRO



AMIR: THIS IS JAKE AND AMIR! WELCOME TO THE THUNDERSHOW!



JAKE: Not our intro.



AMIR: Dangit!







GARY: Guys, what's up?  I'm Gary Vay-ner-chuck and Ricky hired me to help you guys explode College Humor's traffic.



AMIR: Who are YOU?



GARY: I said, I'm Gary-



JAKE: (to Gary) Okay, you wanna see something impressive.  (to Amir) Who's Ricky?



AMIR: I know the name.  I know the name.  I just can't put the face to the-



JAKE: What name?



AMIR: I don't know the name, I don't know...who are YOU?



GARY: Wait wait wait, okay.  Are you guys on Facebook?



(At the same time)



JAKE: Yes     AMIR: No



GARY: Twitter?



(At the same time)



JAKE: Yup     AMIR: No



GARY: Ustream?



(At the same time)



JAKE: Yes     AMIR: No



GARY: Friendster?



(At the same time)



JAKE: No     AMIR: Yes



GARY: Are you guys active at all?



AMIR: Sexually?



JAKE: We use all those sites.



AMIR: I'm not active, sexually, or otherwise.



JAKE: Ok, he's not talking about sex.



GARY: Actually, I am.  You know, a healthy lovelife really impacts the workplace.



AMIR: Me and Jake f**k like rabbits, sir.



GARY: Woahhhh



AMIR: Not each other.



JAKE: And we don't do that.



GARY: Alright guys, here's what we need to do to make CollegeHumor go huge:  You need to hustle, crush it, and go big.



JAKE: Those all kinda sound like the same thing.



GARY: They're not.  Hustle is to crush it.



JAKE: Wasn't crush it the second thing?



GARY: No, that was go big



JAKE: Then the third thing was...?



GARY: Crush it



AMIR:  Crush it.  See?  This is...now you're speaking my language!  



GARY: Thank you, comprende.



JAKE: Comprende?



GARY: Jake, the number one thing is to respect your co-worker.  It's family. 



AMIR: It's family.



GARY: You guys are friends, right?



AMIR: Yes, best!



JAKE: Well, maybe.



GARY: Take Amir to a water park, an arcade, a picnic.



AMIR: I've always said that you should take me to a water park, an arcade, and a picnic.



JAKE: You have always said that, yeah.



AMIR: In one day, please.



GARY: I-I-I think Amir's cousin, Leron, runs a laser tag in Queens.  Why don't you guys go up there and laser it up?



AMIR: For once.



JAKE: How is that gonna help traffic?



AMIR: You're obsessed with traffic!!



GARY: Jake, Amir's right.  Don't worry about the traffic.  Become best friends.  Family.  And it will all work itself out...or not.



JAKE: So you're saying, it's a good idea for the site if me and Amir go to your favorite clothing store - 



JAKE and AMIR: Talbots



JAKE: and uh, we get just matching pajamas.



GARY: Dude, now you're getting it.



JAKE: I am, I think I'm really getting it. Ricky didn't hire you.  Amir hired it.



(cut to Gary's chair spinning emptily)



AMIR: (sharp breath in) He's gone.



JAKE: No, he's under the table.



AMIR: No...oh he, no, I can't see him.



JAKE: Right there.



(Amir is waving down with his pen)



JAKE: You're waving him down.



AMIR: No, I'm not...I'm stretching my wrists.



(Jake gets up to leave)



AMIR: Where you going?  What about the water park?



EPISODE LINK

													

														Jake and Amir: Hilary





[INTRO]:





JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



AMIR: I do declare!



JAKE: Declare what?



AMIR: I don't know.



[VIDEO]:





(HILARY is at her desk talking on the phone)



HILARY (on phone): Nope, that definitely won't work, it absolutely has to be-



(JAKE and AMIR are sitting opposite each other at their desks)



AMIR: Oh my god! I'm gonna kill her, I'm gonna kill her, I'm sorry!



JAKE: Who?



AMIR: Who? Who? Sarah! That's who!



JAKE: That's Hilary.



AMIR: Oh... OK well whatever man she's annoying as... WORMS!



JAKE (Confused): What?



AMIR: I dunno.



JAKE: She's a producer, OK? So part of her job is to talk on the phone. Just relax.



AMIR: OK, well I got something she can (air quotes) produce.



JAKE: What's that?



AMIR: (Pauses to consider) Worms!



JAKE: Stop saying worms?



AMIR (Angrily): Aaaaah!



(AMIR bangs the desk three times)



JAKE: What is the matter with you?



AMIR: Oh my god. Have you ever been so frustrated by someone at work that you just can't take it anymore?



JAKE: Every single day, for the last two years-



AMIR: Alright, F-it. Listen, I'm gonna go do some- I'm gonna go shut her up. I'm sorry.



JAKE: Don't do that.



AMIR: I'm not gonna hit her OK? Relax.



JAKE: I said don't do that before I thought you might hit her.



AMIR: Really?



JAKE: Look if you absolutely have to you can go other there and calmly, kindly ask her to please talk quietly.



AMIR: Fine.



JAKE: Amir. (Making eye contact) Eyes.



AMIR: Wha?-



JAKE: Gimme your eyes. I trust you.



AMIR: I love you too.



JAKE and AMIR: Trust you-



AMIR: -yes, I trust you.



(AMIR gets up and goes over to HILARY)



HILARY (On the phone): No, I just, I don't think that's gonna work for Win, I mean I have to-



(AMIR knocks on her desk)



AMIR: Hilary, Hilary?



HILARY: Yeah?



AMIR: Hi, I am so sorry, uh, Amir by the way I work over there with Jakey.



HILARY: OK...



(Simultaneously)





AMIR: Um hi...



HILARY: Hi...



AMIR: If you could just maybe- if you take that phone call somewhere else that'd be so helpful. 



HILARY: Sure...



AMIR: Or, or if even you have to talk here just talk like, half a decibel quieter?



HILARY: Hang on. (On the phone) Uh, Bob, lemme call you back. (Hangs up) 



HILARY: I'm so sorry about that!



(Simultaneously)





AMIR: No problem at all!



(AMIR slaps HILARY across the face, she gasps)



AMIR: Aah, go- (To JAKE, who rushes over) I'm so sorry dude, I tried, I really tried, it's just sometimes (Points to HILARY, through his teeth) Eeeh, you can't really do anything else with them-

													

														[Intro]



Jake: Hey you're watching Jake and Ami-



[THUD]



Amir: Ow! I'm sorry, are you okay?



Jake: Oh! I'm bleeding



[Amir sits alone at a desk holding his legs above his head, he holds a lighter between his legs and flicks it on]



Amir: Aw yeah, [Sings the baseball home run sound effect] Come on baby one time!



[Jake enters and Amir sits down properly. Jake slams a large file down on the desk and sits down next to him]



Jake: Hey! Do you mind explaining this?



Amir: This? Oh that's [laughs] that is a menu to a Thai food restaurant



Jake: That's what this is?



Amir: Yiiiis



Jake: Okay cool. Um, you can actually just say Thai restaurant, you don't have to say Thai food restaurant it accomplishes the exact same thing



Amir: [laughs again] Oh yeah! I guess you're right. Okay, Peace out!



Jake: [mockingly] Peace out!



Amir: Peace in the middle ea-



Jake: Because I thought what this was was a complete comprehensive list of every single outfit I've ever worn since I started working here



Amir: No.



Jake: No?



Amir: No no, it's not.



Jake: [While grabbing the first page from under Amir's hand] Do you mind if I refer to the first page here?



Amir: Yah!



Jake: Because here... [Amir clicks the lighter a few times and Jake grabs it from his hand and throws it across the room] The first 'item' on your menu isn't like pad Thai or spring rolls it's December 3rd Jake is wearing blue jeans, yellow belt, grey hoodie and white shoes. With a smiley face, so



Amir: Okay, can we backtrack for like, half a second? I have a feeling that you can say Thai Food restaurant, you know what I mean? Yes it does sound a little redundant but I think, like I've heard Leron once-



Jake: This is seriously fucking disturbing Amir! I know you're a weirdo. I get that! You're stupid, you're a moron, you're creepy, you're freakishly obsessed with me but this crosses the line. It's seriously fucked, it is. It's [Stutters the word 'It' repeatedly]



Amir: IT'S IT'S IT'S TODAY JUNIOR!



[Silence for almost a minute. Amir dances, makes noises and tries to high five Jake during the silence]



Amir: [Putting his hand onto the file] I'm gonna get rid of this



Jake: No I'm gonna get rid of it



Amir: DON'T FUCKING TOUCH IT

													

														Opening Sequence



Amir: You're watching Jake and Amir.



Jake: That was good.



Amir: Go to hell in a handbasket.







Episode



(Jake and Amir are trying to lift a dresser)



Jake: Alright, one, two, three



Amir: Two, three, four, five, six, seven



Jake: One two three lift!



Amir: Okay, yeah yeah.



Jake: Okay? One two three



Amir: (Letting go of the dresser) Lift! You said lift with your legs.



Jake: I specifically didn't say that because I knew it would confuse you.



Amir: Well it did.



(Amir is sitting on the dresser)



Amir: Alright new plan, I sit on here, but I inspire you to lift more than you ever thought possible.



Jake: Why don't you just get off.



Amir: Okay, done.



Jake: You're still on.



Amir: Well I'm pretty high up, bro! I don't know if I can... (Tries to ease himself off, as if he's really high off the ground) One 

second. ONE SECOND!



(Jake and Amir are carrying the dresser along)



Amir: Hey maybe we should take out the drawers, it'll be a little lighter?



Jake: That's actually a pretty good idea.



Amir: Okay I was kidding f**ker, keep moving.



(Amir is on the floor and Jake is removing one of the drawers)



Amir: Ahh I got a splinter!



Jake: You're not even near the dresser.



Amir: I got it up from the carpet.



(Jake is carrying the dresser and Amir is playing a guitar)



Amir: (Singing) Fix everything by just being here.



Jake: So you're done helping?



Amir: I am helping, in a different way.



Jake: You're the one that said this needed to be out of here by 5 PM if we wanted to throw it away.



Amir: (Singing) Fine.



Jake: Fine. Put the guitar down.



Amir: (Singing) Okay.



Jake: Now.



Amir: (Singing) Sure. (Not singing) Last minute?



Jake: Down.



Amir: Okay.



(Both are carrying the dresser)



Amir: Woah, nice shirt cowboy. I wish I knew how to quit you.



Jake: Are you gay, man?



Amir: What?



Jake: I justI gotta ask.



Amir: I don't even remember what I said, let alone what gay means.



(Back to the scene where Jake is removing a drawer and Amir has a splinter from the carpet)



Amir: (Holding up his finger) Come kiss it.



(Amir is lying under the dresser)



Amir: Woah! Little help? Little help?



Jake: You said you could benchpress it.



Amir: Yeah, I can, okay? With a little help. So... little help?



(Both are carrying the dresser)



Amir: Ah, dude, you owe me so big for this.



Jake: You're the one that asked me to help you.



Amir: I knew you'd throw that back in my face, that is so like you.



Jake: Not throwing anything in your face



(Amir shoves the dresser into Jake so it hits his crotch)



Amir: C'mon. C'mon! I was kidding. I was kidding!



(Jake is carrying the dresser and Amir is walking in front of him)



Amir: Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Try to touch my hands. Try to



Jake: It's not helping!



Amir: Okay but is it hurting?



Jake: Yyes!



(Amir kicks the dresser into Jake's crotch again)



(Amir is under the dresser again)



Jake: I leave for a second, you try to benchpress it again.



Amir: No. Oh my god it feels like my nose is bleeding, even though I know it's not.



Jake: Uh no, it just started.



Amir: Yeah, a lot.



Jake: Yeah, wow.



(Jake is carrying the dresser and Amir is coming in holding and eating a pizza)



Amir: Hey hey hey, sorry sorry sorry. (Bites a pizza slice) Sorry sorry sorry. There's



Jake: What are you?



Amir: (Spits out the pizza) There's free pizza in the kitchen. So. Well, there was free pizza.



Jake: Come on!



Amir: Alright. (Moves to help pick up the dresser) Ready ready ready?



Jake: Swallow it first at least.



(Jake puts the dresser down at the elevator)



Amir: And donesauce.



Pat: Woah, woah! What are you guys doing with my dad's antique dresser?



Amir: Woah, woah. You just got punked my Jake and Amir, BITCH! Jake, run!



Jake: No.

													

														Intro:



Amir: CHOOOO CHOOOO! CHHHCHCHCH CHCH PJJJJJJ!



Jake: Bad sound effects.



Amir: Whateva



[Starts, Jake and Amir sitting across from each other like usual. Amir with a subtle grin and his head being supported by his fists.]



Jake: So no computer today huh?



Amir: Nah. I figure I never do any work on it, so why bring it into work?



Jake: Well, at least it's refreshingly honest.



Amir: Oh by the way, Shanah Tova...so. 



Jake: What? 



Amir: It means "Happy new year" in Hebrew. It's the Jewish new year, Rosh Hashanah.



Jake: That's nice. Alright, thank you. 



Amir: You...don't...know...Hebrew, do you?



Jake: No.



Amir sound surprised.



Amir: Oh my god. 



Jake: Why is tha-what?



Amir starts speaking in Hebrew.



Amir: .?? ??? ?? ???? ?? ???? ???? ?????



Az, ata lo mevin mah she'ani medaber achshav.



So you don't get what I'm saying right now.



Jake: I don't speak Hebrew.



Amir: I just said "So you don't get what I'm saying". 



Jake: I don't...I don't get it. 



Amir: .????? ??? ????? ?? ???? ??? ???



Achshav ata b'tzurah lo tovah chaver sheli      



Now you're in very bad shape...



Jake: It doesn't mean anything to me. 



Amir: I just said "That's silly". 



Jake: I mean c'mon. It's not that silly. 



Amir: ????? ???. ?????, ???? ???? ??????? ???? ???? ?????? ???? ???



??, ??? ??? ?????? ?? ???? ????. ??? ????



Tishmah chaver. Achshav, sh'ata medaber banglit v'ani medaber b'ivrit v'ata oneh  



li, ata chayav laasot ma sh'ata omer. Ata mevin?



Listen up, bitch. Here are the rules. When I speak in Hebrew, and you reply.   



Your reply, though in English is still binding. Do you agree? If so, say yes.



Jake: Okay. I don't get what you're saying, but you're tone is getting kind of creepy so-



Amir: I just asked if your shirt was grey. 



??? ??? ????



Az ata mevin?



Do you agree to these rules?



Jake: Yes Amir, my shirt is grey. 



Amir: .???...??? ???? ??? ?????? ??? ???? ?????. ???? ?? ?????



Um...ata rotzeh lacho l'aruchat erev iti halaila. Tagid ken b'vakasha.



Um...Dinner tonight? Say yes please.



Jake: Okay. I'm gonna get back to work okay?



Amir: "Are you wearing jeans?" I asked you. 



Jake: YES, Amir. 



Amir:?? ??? ?'??. ???...???. ??? ???????, ???? ????, ??????, ???????,



????? ?? ?? ?? ??? ???, ?????, ????? ?? ?? ?????. ???? 



???? ??? ?? ???? ???? ???. ????? ?? ????? ?? ?????? ?? ???



??? ???? ????? ?? ????????. ?? ????. ?? ???? ????. ??? ????



Oh and Jake. Hmm..sorry. Achar sh'ochlim, nealech b'yachad, b'monit, l'Queens,  



la laser tag shel ben dod sheli, Lerone, v'nesachek ad sheish baboker. V'ata 



holech latet li leratzeh hachol paam. V'hechazeh lo norid et ha'begadim shel laser   



tag shelanu l'chodesh o chodshtaim. Lo yodeah. Ma sh'ata rotzeh. Ata mevin?



After we eat, we shall go in a taxi, to Queens. To Lerone's laser tag, and



we'll play until six in the morning. And you're gonna let me win every time



bitch. And no taking off our laser tag gear for a month- or two. I dunno.



Whatever you want. Do you understand?



Jake: I...I don't know. What did you just say?



Amir: I just said I was sorry, okay? Are we cool?



Jake: You were just talking for such a long time I fee...Y'kn-No, yes, the answer Amir, is  



yes.



Amir: And after laser tag, you will be bound to drive me into Canadia. Where we will    



meet our-



Jake: Sorry! Are you meaning to be speaking in Hebrew right now?



A short period of silence as Amir thinks how to respond. Amir shakes his head.



Amir: .??



Ken. 



Yes. 



Outro:



Amir: Oh sheesh y'all. Zeh chalom! 



** 'twas a dream!**



Jake: Got it. 



Amir: 'twas a dream.



Jake: I said I got it. 

													

														Amir: INCOMING!



Jake:(laughing) What are you doing, bozo?



Amir: You're the bozo, bozo!



Jake: Oh bozo? You're a dweeb.



Amir: Don't touch me it hurts my shoulder



Jake: Hey, have you been to the kitchen today?



Amir: Oh, uh no, I have not.



Jake: Oh, well you should go in and check out the fridge.



Amir: Oh, no thank you, I'm not hungry.



Jake: Well you don't have to be hungry to go and look at the fridge! 



Amir: Ok, then maybe I shall!



Jake: You shall! 



Amir: (at window) IS THIS WHAT YOU F#CKING WANTED? I'M GONNA F#CKING KILL MYSELF 



Jake: Ok, no, look! Amir! What are you doing?



Amir: What am I doing? I'm more embarrassed than I've ever been in my entire f#cking life, and I want to end it right now!



Jake: Get off the ledge! Your going to hurt yourself



Amir: Hurt? No! The only pain I'm gonna be caused by the fact that everyone thinks I look like f#cking little Red Riding Hood!



Jake: Bo-Peep, but whatever! Please get off the ledge, your scaring us!



Amir:No! You know whats scary? Whats scary is the fact that I'm going to live my entire life as the guy who...wore weird clothes. Womens clothes in that picture....that you put on the fridge.



Jake: No one- No one here is going to think of you like that, right guys?



Guy 1: Well.... I might...



Guy 2: We'll probably remember you as the guy who killed himself.



Jake: Look man! I was teasing you as a friend! I was teasing you!



Amir: As a friend?



Jake: Yeah, a friend.



Amir: As a best friend....



Jake: Well, as a friend, yeah...HEY HEY HEY, as a BEST FRIEND! A best friend!



Amir:(laughing) This is crazy! Two years ago, if you would have told me-(falls out window)



Everyone:(Screaming)No!

													

														INTRO:

Amir: Hi, I'm Arnold Schwarzenegger and you're watching Jake and Amir

Jake: You don't really sound like him

Amir: Your Terminator



Jake is sitting at his desk while Amir is sitting in a wheel chair between Jake's desk and Sarah's desk. Amir has a sling on his right arm and 2 black eyes. He isn't wearing his glasses.



Amir: So the nurse is like [closes nose] Sorry sir, we can't stay the night with you, even if you are afraid of the dark, [releases nose] and I'm like Bitch, you ain't going anywhere, there might be ghosts up in here so I grab her [grabs Jake's polo shirt] like-



Jake: Hey, hey, hey, you don't have to tell me anything you might be embarrassed about.



Amir: I'm not embarrassed about anything! So I grab her right [grabs Jake again] and she finally wrestles loose and she goes to call, I don't know, her supervisor or whatever [begins to rustle through Sarah's bag] but it's complete darkness in there so I start freaking out.



Jake sees Amir going through Sarah's bag



Jake: [Whispers angrily] Hey, hey, get your hand out of Sarah's bag OK? She is right there.



Pan over to Sarah who is sitting at her desk wearing headphones and facing her computer. Pan back to Amir who continues going through the bag.



Amir: [chuckles] What do I care? So you know it's complete darkness in there, I'm crying but it's starting to burn because [in a weird voice] my eyes are broken or whatever-



Jake: Stay out of Sarah's bag



At this moment Amir pulls a pink tampon out of Sarah's bag. He puts his hands up as if he were surrendering without noticing the tampon in his hand.



Amir: OK, relax. [looks at tampon] Oh...



Jake closes his eyes then massages his forehead.



Jake: [Looks away] Put that away. Put that away. Put that away.



Amir unwraps the tampon and smells it.



Jake: Amir don't. [Massages forehead again] Do you know what that is? Do you know what it is?



At this point Amir holds the tampon is his mouth. He is moving it around inside his mouth while moaning.



Amir: Oh, oh, ahaha!



Jake: Sarah! Hey, Sarah.



The camera pans to Sarah again who turns around and sees Amir with the tampon in his mouth. 



Amir is now making gargling noises. 



Amir appears to be stuffing the tampon down his throat. 



The camera cuts to Jake with a confused look on his face.



The camera cuts back to Amir who has closed his mouth on the tampon. The string at the end sticks out of his mouth.



The camera cuts to Sarah who looks at Amir with disgust.



The camera cuts back to Amir. (It is implied that) the tampon is completely inside his mouth now. He swallows. His face which was smiling before, now looks concerned and scared.



Jake: Wow, are you ok?



Amir: [speaks in wheezes] I'm fine.



Jake: Good, so you're not choking or anything?



Amir: [speaks in wheezes] Choking? Haha, don't make me laugh. [Laughs]



Jake: [in unison with Amir's laugh, but with concern] Hahahahahaha, so you don't need the Heimlich?



Amir: [still wheezing] Heimlich, what are you crazy? I'm gonna go get lunch [Jake nods], um, do you want anything?



Jake: [Shakes his head] Nope. I don't.



Amir: [wheezing] I'm going to peace on outta here [makes peace sign with his hands]



Jake: Alright, peace out.



Amir begins to wheel himself away, pushing Jake's chair in the process. Amir seems to be calm while Jake is still freaking out.



Amir: But, oh, by the way, before I forget, [takes deep breath in] what's the name of that song that goes [starts dancing in his chair. Jake does the same, calmer now] Come my lady/come come my lady/you're my butterfly.



At the same time:

Jake: Sugar-

Amir: [grabs Jake's shirt] I'M GONNA DIE!



Jake quickly gets up while Amir wheezes and struggles to breathe. Jake goes around Amir and begins doing the modified Heimlich maneuver because Amir is in a wheelchair.



Cut to Sarah who looks extra concerned.



Cut back to Jake and Amir. Jake continues to do the Heimlich maneuver until the tampon falls out of Amir's mouth. Amir begins to struggle and cough. The tampon falls to the floor. Amir begins to breathe forcefully, still a little wheezing.



Cut back to Sarah, who is still concerned.



Jake: [relieved] God, that was close.



Jake pats Amir on the back and ANOTHER tampon falls out of his mouth, then onto the floor. Jake and Sarah exchange confused looks.



Amir: By the way it's Sugar Ray's Butterfly is the song.



Jake: [shakes his head] That's not true.



Amir: Yea, I know it's not.

													

														Opening Sequence



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake



Amir: Outtakes!



Jake: Yep, that just turned into an outtake.







Episode



(Jake, Dan, Sarah and Vinny are sitting together)



Dan: I'm gonna go trick-or-treating early this year.



Vinny: Oh yeah?



Jake: How early?



Dan: Like, two weeks.



Jake: Wow, that's really...



Sarah: No one's gonna have candy or anything.



Dan: I'm just gonna show up with a gun and blackface.



(Amir comes in)



Amir: Hey guys. Sorry to interrupt. Uh, I bought a bag of cookies from the vending machine but it gave me an extra one. Do you guys 

want these cookies at all?



jake: Yeah. Of course!



Dan: Yeah.



Sarah: Obviously.



Vinny: Yeah. Of course! I love cookies.



(Amir gives them the cookies; they start eating them and ignoring him while he tries to get them to pay him)



Amir: It's like, uh... It's like eighty cents, it's so stupid. It was like eightyeighty cents, so whenever you guys... And you guys 

are four people, so it'd be like, 20 cents or something. Twenty cents a pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Twenty! Twenty! Twenty! Twenty! 

There's no time limit. Ah that's funny! Throw a dimethrow two dimes into my mouth, each. Throw two dimes, go uh! uh! GUYS GIVE ME 

TWENTY CENTS A PIECE AND I'll BUTTFUCK YOU!



(They fall silent)



Jake: And you will?



Amir: Or.



Jake: And you will?



Amir: Or I will. Or I'll b



Jake: You said and.



Amir: I know, I said and, but I meant



Jake: I don't have any change on me.



Amir: Hey! (Half-jokingly accosts Vinny) Gimme your wallet, fool!



Jake: We'll pay you later!



Amir: I know!



Jake: We'll pay you later!



Amir: Exactly!



Jake: So don't freak out, we'll pay you later.



Amir: I'm not freaking out, it's not even a big deal. It's less than a dollar. Twenty cents a pop! Twenty cents a pop!



Jake: No. I have, like, a twenty dollar bill right now and that's it, so I can't give you twenty cents.



Amir: Oh no! A twenty dollar bill? That's less than twenty cents! OH WAIT NO IT'S NOT!



Sarah: We'll get it to you later, okay?



Amir: I know, exactly, you'll get it to me later! You'll get it to me later! I'm already gone.



Jake: Peace.



Amir: Peace I'm out, peace I'm out, peace peace peace peace peace I'm out. Huh? Er... (Leaves)



Vinny: That was, uh... really weird.



Jake: Yeah.



Sarah: Yeah.



Dan: You guys noticed he's weirder



(Amir comes back in with his shirt tied around his lower face and his fingers shaped like a pretend gun)



Amir: Alright everybody freeze, this is a holdup! I don't want your money, I just want your change! Eighty cents specifically! (Takes 

off the shirt) I'm just kidding you guys, it's me. And for this free show, a fare of twenty cents a head. Twenty, forty, the one after 

that, and finally landing on the eighty cents.



Dan: I have a dollar. So let's just not do this anymore.



Vinny: No, you should not...



Amir: Thank you very much, [indiscernible] Martin Luther King Jr.



Jake: He doesn't haveyou don't have to give him a dollar. You don't need a dollar. You payed for one bag, right? Two came out, you ate 

one, you gave us one. Why do you need a dollar? This isit's twenty cents more than you paid.



Amir: You know what? You're right. Okay, I only need eighty cents, and this a dollar, so here we go. (Tears a fifth of the bill off and 

gives it to Dan) Thank you, keep the change.



(Pat comes in)



Pat: Hey guys, um, sorry to interrupt. Has anyone seen a bag of cookies? By any chance?



Amir: Uh, no, not here, dude. Sorry about that Pat.



Pat: No? Are you sure?



Dan: Of course.



Pat: Oh, totally separate incident: I'm missing eighty cents.

													

														INTRO: 



Amir: Hey, I'm Kurt Russell and you're watching Jake and Amir. Thank you Mr. Russell.



END INTRO



Amir: yawns/stretches hits head Ugh, no real work to do Jakey?



Jake: You peed on the server and our internet is down.



Amir: In that order?



Jake: Yes, in that order. 



Amir: So, what are we doing?



Jake: I'm doing a crossword puzzle...



Amir: Okay, two heads are better than one, so we're halfway there. First clue me. George clue me.



Jake: Ugh, Oxford or pup, four letters.



Amir: ...Oxford. 



Jake: Not multiple choice and you're wrong. Okay here's an easy one, three letters what does a lamb say? Not hard man. 



Amir: Uhhh....



Jake: What does a lamb say? 



Amir: Oh, please don't eat me mister, I'm just a lamb..



Jake: Three letters.



Amir: Oh I see, well how many letters per box?



Jake: One



Amir: No, I can squeeze more in there. 



Amir: Can you put numbers in here or just letters?



Jake: Just letters. 



Amir: Really, because it looks like there's a lot of numbers in here already, and oh I see, they correspond with the hints. 



Amir: Alright check my answer please.



Jake: Kay, right off the bat number one across isn't five swastikas. 



Amir: No is...



Jake: Mostly because there's supposed to be four letters...



Amir: Four letters, yeah yeah I squeezed them in see that



Jake: So yeah it's racist



Amir: It's tight



Jake: No it's Racist



Amir: It's tight



Jake: Racist



Amir: It's tight



Jake: Racist.



Amir: singing And I'm on tonight and my hips won't lie and a hi da heda hey..



Jake: Can you please go back to your desk.



Jake: Okay here's the clue, writing system for the blind.



Amir: Seeing eye dogs



Jake: No, obviously not



Amir: What do you mean? You're telling me those dogs can't carry people? They're pretty strong dude.



Jake: I'm saying it's a writing system, not a riding system.



Amir: Ohhh... Try horses.



Jake: Let's try braille



Amir: No..



Amir: Man, I don't know how much longer I can be at your desk, I'm serious.



Jake: Go.



Amir: No haha, I won't be doing that hahaha I was just saying.



Jake: Ow Amir, Ow Amir, you're hurting me.



Amir: So I didn't do the big one, but I completed that small little number in the corner real easy



Jake: Wow, that's impressive. Looks like you typed it.



Amir: Yeah I typed it so, pretty neat



Jake: It has no, no clues at all.



Amir: Yeah there's no clues for the small puzzles so..



Jake: Awesome dude, and it says Fridays solution right up top



Amir: Yeah that was the theme so I'd appreciate if you'd stop with the third degree okay man, I did the small puzzle just say thank you and be on your way, either way I don't give a damn what you..



Jake: 33 down, cobra or boa, blank, blank A, K, E. First letter's gonna be an 'S' so sa, e. 



Amir: Sa, ake. Sa ake. Suh ake. Say what, sa sa..



Jake: S, suh, say what, sa..



Amir: Steak!

													

														Intro



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Ami -- are you still crying?



Amir: No!



Jake: Wow, you are.



Amir: I'm not.







Amir: A pie for the gentleman. A fresh baked pie. 



Jake: What?



Amir: The pie you requested has been dispensed by me to --



Jake: You made me a pie?



Amir: No.



Jake: Is this why you weren't at work all... Go sit down, you're an idiot. You're a moron. Thanks anyways.



Amir: I'm naaah



Jake: You're what?



Amir: (unintelligeble sounds)



Jake: You still haven't used any words.



Amir: I'm not an id-eee-eeeeee-



Jake: Get it out, come on.



Amir: -eeeee.



Jake: Are you deflating?



Amir: No.



Jake: If you're about to cry, which it looks like you are, I'm sorry I called you an idiot, alright?. You just baked or bought me a pie for seemingly no reason and I thought it was as stupid thing to do. You don't need to tick like that, if you have to cry, just let it out. Don't hold it back.



Amir: Fi-ugh. 



Jake: You're fine. So I can say that you're the worst laser tag player ever.



Amir: Gu.



Jake: And you got good grades like a nerd in high school.



Amir: Fugh.



Jake: Oh my god, do you see that pillar of smoke behind you? A McDonald's is burning down!



Amir: Nerrr.



Jake: How about this. Just say a sentence. If you're going to cry, say 'Jake, I'm not going to cry.'



Amir: Hey Jake! I'm not gunna CRUHHHHHH



http://www.jakeandamir.com/post/207699386/pie

													

														JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and A-



AMIR: Oh, oh, do one where you're wearing my glasses.



JAKE: K, no one will be able to know.



AMIR: I'll be able to know.







AMIR: (singing, with Julia Nunes playing the ukelele) You'll fix everything by just being here.



AMIR: (talking) So that's about Jake, specifically.



JULIA NUNES: That was...9 minutes long.



AMIR: Yeah, line, nine, well this next one's double that, so...(in his wacky high voice) It's good stuff. 



JULIA NUNES: Are you crying?



AMIR: No, it's just...



AMIR: (singing) 1, 2, aah!, 4, (Julia Nunes starts playing) dirty blond, clean guy, what you got in his eyes, they are blue, so are you, when you're not around son, (Jake walks in) oh sheesh, here he is, I cannot contain my ji--, look at him, wearing shirts, eating lots of yogur- 



JAKE: Stop!  What is going on?  Why are you here? 



AMIR: I think you've heard of internet music sensation, Julia Nunes.



(Julia Nunes plays a couple chords, like ta-dah)



JAKE: Yes, I have, which is why I asked WHY she was here.



AMIR: Ah, k, I am Amir. So..(to Julia Nunes) do the...when you...



(Julia Nunes plays the ta-dah again)



AMIR: Yeah.



JAKE: You're still not answering my question.



JULIA NUNES: Amir said that if we recorded some tracks for him, he'd put me in touch with his cousin, Leron, who owns a record label, right?



AMIR: Yeah, totally.



JAKE: Pretty sure Leron runs a laser tag.



AMIR: Jake, a word.  Conference room please.



JAKE: No.



AMIR: Okay, fair enough, worth a shot.



JAKE: God, Amir, you cannot just lie to people to get them to do stuff for you.



AMIR: Can? or can't?



JAKE: I specifically said cannot so you wouldn't be confused.



AMIR: Yeah, that's true, I appreciate that, Jake.  Julia, feeling inspired right now.  Quickly, something slow.



(Julia Nunes starts playing)



AMIR: (singing) He's too good to me, knowing what I should be.  Correcting me but in a way that doesn't make me feel dumb.



JAKE: It should, okay.  Julia, I'm really sorry, but Amir lied to you.



AMIR: Julia, quick!  Something poppy!



AMIR: (singing as Julia Nunes plays) Jake, be quiet, she doesn't know I lied.  Got her to come to the city, cuz I am so very witty.  My cousin doesn't really own a record label.



JAKE: Amir, she can understood you when you sing.  It's not like spelling things in front of a  toddler, or you.



AMIR: (singing, but Julia Nunes is not playing) If she could understand what I'm saying, she wouldn't play her mini-guitar while I sing this song, and bam bam ba bam bam



JULIA NUNES: It's a ukelele.



AMIR: Yes, I've been meaning to talk to you about.  The word ukelele, I don't know if that's gonna fly, just cuz a lot of people can't spell it.



JAKE: Julia, I'm really sorry.  I'm sure it cost a lot of money to get down to New York.  Amir is going to pay you back.



AMIR: Yes, I am.  That's true.  I can pay you back in regular old money.  (in a high voice, but not Amir's wacky high voice) Who needs it?  (normal) Or... (singing acappella) I can sing the prettiest song to you...make you feel like a nat-



(Cut to ATM.  Amir is withdrawing money)



AMIR: Twenty, forty, yeah.  This should be more than enough. (singing acappella) You still have to change your mind.  If you want to change your mind, the money's g-



(Julia Nunes takes the money)



AMIR: Okay, yes, just the money then, that makes sense.  Because, you can spend money, but the song is-



JAKE: Just go home, man.



AMIR: Why would anybody ch-



JAKE: Just go home.



AMIR: I'm gonna go home.



EPISODE LINK

													

														(Amir) Alright, new rules:I'll introduce the videos if, and Only if...



(Jake) Time's up



(Amir) Dangit!



(Amir) So, tell me to look like a tiger or something



(Photogropher) You're a tiger...



(Amir) No, not that I am a tiger! Tell me to Look like a tiger, ok there's a little bit of a difference



(Photogropher) You look like a tiger...



(Amir)(General arguing)



(Jake) Will you guys shut up!? Wow, what are you wearing?



(Amir) I'm modelling the new busted T, O sheesh yall, Twas a dream



(Jake) Yea I see that, how is this a new busted T



(Photogropher) Amir told us that it was a frizz from a popular movie



(Amir) So...



(Jake) And you guys beleived him?



(Amir) YES (Photogropher) no.. (Amir) no



(Photogropher) And he told us he'd give us a hundred thousand dollars to print them.



(Amir) So...



(Jake) You think anybody is gonna buys this shirt?



(Amir) Ahh No because they're Not For Sale.



(Photogropher) Yea they are.



(Amir) WHAT!? What are you... Are you freaking kidding me!?



(Jake) Ok, how many did you print?



(Amir) Ten thousand



(Photogropher) One thousand



(Amir) ONE THOU!? My god, did you even read the email? I mean c'mon



(Jake) Look, selling the shirts is litterally the only way you're gonna make a little bit of you're money back



(Amir) Thats true. Alright Taco, lets sell em, well start the bidding at 200 a shirt and we'll go up from there.



(Photogropher) They're like seventeen dollars...



(Amir) Oh my god, I'm gonna end this...



(Jake) HEY hey hey, relax, what were you gonna do with a thousand shirts anyway?



(Amir) I'm gonna wear them ok? Loud, Proud and Moud baby.



(Jake) Moud?



(Amir) Mad



(Jake) You said Moud



(Amir) Yea, oh sorry, Lad, Prad and Mad baby



(Jake) Now Lad and Prad don't make sense



(Amir) Ok, Loud, Proud and Mad



(Photogropher) Well now it dosn't rhyme



(Amir) Well how- What do you want me to do....



(Jake) Hey, It's not Taco's fault right? it dosn't ryhme



(Amir) It's true, ohh it's true...

													

														Jake and Amir: Puppet



Jake: Hey, yo dis be Jake.



[Amir makes wretching noise.]



Jake: Wow, I did what you asked and you still messed it up right?



Amir: Whateva







Jake  Amir Title Card



[Everyone is laughing. Amir is sitting at his desk with a Jake puppet and surrounded by coworkers. He is attempting to perform ventriloquism.]



Amir: Hey Jake, dinner tonight?



Amir (as Jake puppet): Okay, but just as long as we don't invite that loser Patrick Cassels.



[Pat looks slightly offended.]



Amir: Why would we invite him? Hey, I like your jeans.



Amir (as Jake puppet): And I like you! I think it's normal that you made me into a puppet.



Amir: No duh it's normal. 



Amir (as Jake puppet): Also, furthermore, I think it's not weird that you don't use soap in the shower. In fact your regular aroma is really nice and sweet. It smells like roses anyway, so you don't even need to use soap. Also your hair-



[Jake walks up and puts his hands over the puppet's mouth.]



Amir: makes noise like mouth is covered Jake I'm serious he can't breathe!



Jake: Okay that's fine.



Amir: You're a monster! 



Jake: You're a weirdo. What are you doing?



Amir: What do you mean 'What am I doing?' I'm slowly becoming the coolest, most popular person in the office. Why, what are you doing today? 



Jake: I didn't ask what you're doing today.



Amir: Oh yeah, 'cause I was gonna say if you want to hang out, you want to chill or whatever, go to a bar, I'd be down to ditch this crowd you know.



Jake: You know what, everybody here is laughing at you, not with you.



Amir: Wow, you are so jealous.



Jake: I'm not jealous.



Amir (as Jake puppet): Hey guys quick q, are you guys laughing at me, or are you guys laughing with me? Amir shakes the Jake puppet violently



Coworker 1: Actually-



Coworker 2: Defenitely at you.



Amir (as Jake puppet/his voice): Oh, hehehe. Uh darn. Uh sheesh. I forgot I have- I have an appointment, so time to go. Hehehe...



[Amir gets up and leaves.]



Jake: Hey Amir, you're the biggest loser in the whole office.



Amir: I know.



Jake: Bitch.



[Amir continues walking off after pausing for a moment.]



Sarah: I was laughing with him, so-



Card: To Be Continued...

													

														[Jake and Amir side by side in front of a webcam]

Jake: Hey everybody. We just wanted to say thank you and tell you how awesome it is that we got to 50,000 Facebook fans.

Amir: 50,000! That's un- Me and Jake were just talking about how we don't even know what 50,000 is, and now we have that many-

Jake (interrupting Amir): I know what- I know what 50,000 is.

Amir: I know, yeah yeah yeah. But I'm just sayin' you- we can't even quantify that number. It's so big.

Jake: I know what- I know what you were saying. We can quantify it.

Amir: yeah. Okay, so... I'm gonna stop the video then, 'cause it's turning into a public shaming of me, and I just wanted- It started off as a sincere apology and now it's not. So I'm just gonna stop it. So, thanks for that... (in his high-pitched voice) Thanks for that.

Jake: Do you know how to stop it?

Amir: Yes! I know how to stop it.

Jake: mumbles

Amir: Yeah. I got it I got it I got it.

Jake: It's just 'cause your cursor is far above it.

Amir: Boom... no... okay...

Jake: I got it. (Jake stops the recording)													

														RECAP Sam - previously on Jake and Amir



Amir is holding his Jake puppet. 



Amir - Hey Jake, dinner tonight? 



Jake - what are you doing? Everybody here is laughing at you, not with you.



Jake - you're the biggest loser in the whole office. 



Amir - I know. 



Jake - bitch. 



INTRO Amir - Hey... ah actually hold on a second, my shoulder hurts. 



Jake - You can still say the intro 



Amir - I SAID HOLD ON!



Jake sighs.  







Amir sneaks into Jake's bedroom. 



AMIR: Jake is going to flip his shiatsu when he realises I made a puppet of myself. Isn't that right, me? 



AMIR PUPPET: It sure is. 



Amir puppet hovers over Jake's sleeping face. 



AMIR PUPPET: HEY BEST FRIEND-AREENO. 



Jake, terrified, jumps out of bed and slumps in front of the wall clutching his duvet. 



JAKE: OH GOD, WHAT ARE YOU DOING? WHAT ARE YOU DOING? DON'T KILL ME PLEASE!  



AMIR PUPPET: What's wrong?



JAKE: Oh god, I so don't want to die. 



AMIR: Hey, what's wrong? Look, it's me. 



Jake rambles. 



AMIR: It's just me, I'm not going to take anything away from you. Look, look, look - 



JAKE: Just put the puppet down. 



AMIR: Ok, look, I'm putting it down, I'm putting the puppet down. 



JAKE: NOT ON THE FUCKING BED!



AMIR: OK! Hey! Hey! I'm putting it down, I'm putting it down. 



JAKE: It's just, it's puppets, I just, it's just... 



AMIR: You're ok, you're ok, you're ok. 



Jake's living room. 



AMIR: Hey, sorry about that. 



JAKE: It's fine, I just have a fear of puppets, that's all. 



AMIR: Oh. Ok, that's... weird... heh. 



JAKE: Yeah... um, look just please don't tell anyone at work. 



AMIR: No, I'm not. Come on, I'm not going to tell anyone at work. As long as you do me a favour. 



JAKE: What? 



Back at the office. A crowd gathers around both Jake, holding an Amir puppet, and Amir, holding a Jake puppet. 



JAKE PUPPET: Hey Amir, who's your bestest friend in the whole world? 



AMIR PUPPET (half-heartedly): You. 



JAKE PUPPET: What? I can't hear you unless you do the voice. 



AMIR PUPPET: YOU. 



The crowd laughs. 



JAKE PUPPET: Actually, this is a huge step for Jake. You see, he has a crippling fear of puppets. 



The crowd laughs. 



AMIR PUPPET: What are you doing?   



JAKE PUPPET: Basically, I went over the other night with these two things and he started hyperventilating and crying like a little baby. 



The crowd laughs. 



JAKE PUPPET: Hey Jake! You're the biggest loser in the whole office! Bitch!



The crowd laughs, especially Josh. 



Episode Link

													

														AMIR: I'm sorry, let me get this straight. You want Jake and I to drive your Ford Fiesta into the river, swim back to shore and have a pizza party? I mean--



JAKE: How did you get that from what she said?



AMIR: What did she-what did--?



JAKE: OK, we're driving the Ford Fiesta around the country, we're going to tweet clues about what different cities we're in, and the first two people to find us, we're going to take them out to dinner. 



AMIR: Oh, is that--?



JILL: Exactly.



JAKE: Pretty simple.



AMIR: OK, gotcha. And you're f-you're fine with me and Jake just stealing your car for a week? 



JILL: No, I'm coming with. 



AMIR: OK, yeah. She coming with. (chuckles)



JAKE: She- Yeah, she is. 



AMIR: She is. She is. OK, gotcha. HOLY CRAP, what's that?! (dashes to the driver's side car, but the door is locked, pulls on the handle frantically for a bit then lets go) Are we ready? Let's go. All three of us, I decided that--



JAKE: She's got the keys.



AMIR: She has the keys.



(in the car)



AMIR: This is actually going to be really fun. Oh my-Jill, is that your apartment? Right there. Look look, it's on fire!



JILL: Oh my god, oh my god! (she exits the car)



AMIR: Go, go, go, go, go, go, go! Quickly!



JAKE: No it's not, it's fine. 



AMIR: No it's not, what are you, crazy? (to Jill, as he switches from the back seat to the driver's seat) I'm going to call 911! Oh my gosh, keep running! Run, run, run!



JAKE: What are you doing? What are you doing?!



AMIR: Let's get the hell out of here. 



JAKE: No! No, no, no, no.  



AMIR: Trust me. 



JAKE: Oh god. No. Amir.



AMIR: It's fine. It's fine! Hey, do you trust me?



JAKE: No, I don't.



AMIR: Then let's get out of here.



JAKE: I said I don't. 



(caption - Jake and Amir Are Coming to a City Near You. / By Themselves! / Check Twitter.com/jakeandamir To Find Out Where They Are / First Two People To Find Them Get a Free Dinner with Jake and Amir / Four Cities, Four Nights / See You Soon!)



TO BE CONTINUED. 



http://www.collegehumor.com/video/5726909/fiesta-movement-presents-ja-road-trip-1

													

														JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



AMIR: And Jake needs a haircut.



JAKE: Shut up. (quiet) Really?



AMIR: Yes.



(new scene)



AMIR: Okay, why are we here again?



JAKE: I'm here to buy a guitar. You're here because you follow me, everywhere.



AMIR: Oh sweet, what kind of gee-tar?



JAKE: So you're just glossing over the fact that I called you out on following me--



AMIR: Acoustic, or...the other one? Maybe



JAKE: Electric?



AMIR: No?



(new scene)



AMIR: Uh, soo-ry. Do you have any-- (loudly)  pewww! Jrrr-dr-dr-dr-dr-dr--air guitars?



(new scene)



(AMIR is playing the guitar. Camera zooms out to show that another person is playing the guitar and AMIR is just playing along. MAN stops playing)



AMIR: (angrily) Please keep playing! Sorry, but c'mon. Don't stop.



JAKE: I know you're not playing.



AMIR: Yeah, now you know! Because of Milli Vanilli over here, effing it up!



(new scene. JAKE and MAN are looking at guitars when the alarm suddenly and loudly goes off. Camera goes towards AMIR, who is near the door with two guitars.)



AMIR: Oh, uh, I was just stepping out, for like two seconds, to smoke!



(new scene. JAKE is playing guitar to AMIR)



AMIR: Wow, you're like a real guitarist in a real band.



JAKE: (chuckles) Ah, nah, I couldn't do that--



AMIR: Yeah, you're probably right.



JAKE: Well, not 'cause I don't have the talent, 'cause I don't have the time--



AMIR: Nah, 'cause you don't have the talent!



JAKE: No, I have the talent. So is that talent-- (begins singing) I-- (voice cracks). I-- (mutters something?)



(new scene)



AMIR: Hey dude, I'm really sorry, I think I knocked over a lot of guitars over there. Gosh--



(MAN leaves. AMIR tugs at guitar).



AMIR: (to JAKE) Hey, great--get this guitar and let's get out of here!



JAKE: No, no that's what you're doing? No!



AMIR: What? Ah--come on, I knocked over that display case for nothing?



JAKE: So you actually knocked over a display case--



MAN: Jesus Christ!



AMIR: ...No.



(new scene)



AMIR: Hey, you know what, I'm kind of feeling the vibe. You have like a job application to work here?



(man reaches over)



JAKE: You already have a job.



AMIR: Ah, that's true. I'd have to quit that job to work here, nevermind, so--



JAKE: Hey, screw it, man. Get an application--



AMIR: Ah, you're right, why would I leave--



JAKE: Just in case, just-- get him an application, I'll fill it out, right now.



(new scene. JAKE is playing the guitar while AMIR sings and MAN gazes happily)



AMIR: (singing) You've got a fast Jake, let's get tickets to a baseball game. I wanna eat chicken nuggets, you gotta pay 'cause I don't have cash. Anything is better, than me paying 'cause I don't have cash. I was pretty (bleeping) clear about that, when I said I didn't have cash. You're ee-aaah...



(new scene. JAKE is buying a baby guitar)



AMIR: (runs to cashier) Wait Jake Jake Jake Jake! Can you buy these for me? I am STRAPPED-- (holds up straps) ahh!-- for cash!



JAKE: Yeah--



AMIR: I don't have cash on me. I wish I had cash and I don't have cash and I'm 



JAKE and AMIR: Strapped for cash.



AMIR: Yeah.



JAKE: I'm not gonna buy them for you. 



AMIR: Okay. Half? 



(return to scene with JAKE playing guitar as AMIR sings and MAN looks on)



AMIR: And I-ee-I...had a feeling that we were friends, and I-ee-I, just know that we are more than that, more than that-- (stops singing and puts hand on guitar) More than that! Like best friends or something.



JAKE: I don't want the guitar.



AMIR: I'll buy it for you!



COLLEGE HUMOR pops up.

													

														(caption - Baltimore, Maryland)



JAKE: (checking trunk) Yeah, nothing in here. You sure you put a bag in when we left the office?



AMIR: Oh, you know what? I didn't pack a bag. (laughs) That is so me!



JAKE: Yeah, what are you going to do for clothes?



AMIR: You brought clothes, didn't you?



JAKE: Enough for me. 



AMIR: Yeah, so, when you're done with them, throw them on this hamper. Oh!



JAKE: What about brushing your teeth?



AMIR: It's four days! It's four- How long do you go without brushing your teeth?



JAKE: Six hours.



AMIR: I rather go four days than six hours just 'cause your gums start to get too dependent on it, and then--



JAKE: You're not wearing my clothes.



AMIR: Why not?! Hey, we're the same size!







(caption - Richmond, Virginia)



AMIR: All right, we just tweeted 'across some tennis courts on Carrie and Lyndon'.



(car pulls up and honks)



AMIR: Oh my god, is that them?



JAKE: Yeah. 



AMIR: Is it?



JAKE: Yeah. 



(Jake starts greeting the arrivers) 



JAKE: You got it! 



GUY: Tweet just came in like ten seconds ago! 



AMIR: Oh my gosh, that was so quick. 



(Girl comes running to them)



GIRL: Am I--What number am I?



JAKE: Uh--



AMIR: Oh my gosh, another one!



JAKE: --four.



GIRL: No!



AMIR: I think we have--



GIRL: Can we do like a big lunch or a big dinner?







(in the restaurant, Amir is the only one without food)



JAKE: All right you guys, let eat!



AMIR: Ha-ha, let's not eat yet because I didn't get my food yet! I didn't get my food yet!



JAKE: You didn't get your food yet.



AMIR: You say 'let's eat' and then all a sudden everyone thinks it's like--



JAKE: (to others) It's fine, you can eat. 



AMIR: Hey look! She's eating a pickle!



GIRL#2: It's a pickle. (eats it) 



AMIR: Yeah, it is a pickle. Oh my- 







AMIR: I feel like, ugh, come on man. He's right there. 



JAKE: It's fine, you can take a bite.



AMIR: I feel like I'm playing like whack-a-mole (motioning at various people's plates) Don't eat, don't eat, don't eat. 







AMIR: And what are you doing with the soup? Soup can get a little cold, OK? God forbid it goes to room temperature. Don't look down at it, look at me. Sorry but we're treating--



JAKE: Chill out! 







(Amir is trying to go for the girl to the right of Jake with the soup, Jake is holding him back) 



AMIR: I treat you guys to--



(caption - One night down, three to go! / For more clues Keep following us on Twitter at: Twitter.com/jakeandamir / More cities, more dinners, more friends! / (Amir promises not to yell at anyone) / (No I don't) / (Yes you do) 



TO BE CONTINUED. 



http://www.collegehumor.com/search/fiesta+movement+presents+JA+road+trip

													

														(caption - Chapel Hill, North Carolina)



AMIR: I'm just going to tweet this picture of the clock tower. 



JAKE: And no- No clue. No words?



AMIR: I'm going to say 'we're across from here'. This- or 'Here we are.'







(Girl is jogging towards the cameraman)



GIRL: Did I win?



CAMERAMAN: Right there. 



(Girl turns around and heads toward the Fiesta)







(Amir and Jake in the car)



CAMERAMAN(?): Here we go. 



JAKE: Oh look, we found somebody.



AMIR: Really?







(Amir and Jake exit the car to greet the girl)



GIRL: Are there people in the car?



JAKE: Hey--



GIRL: Oh my god, this is so exciting.



JAKE: --Come here. (gives her a hug)



GIRL: My friend is parking her car.



AMIR: You made it! 



GIRL: Oh my god, this is the greatest moment of my life, oh my god! 



AMIR: You did it!



GIRL: Am I first one? Second?



JAKE: Yeah.



AMIR: Yes. 



GIRL: (squeals) Oh my god! 







(a guy rides up on his bicycle)



AMIR: Oh my god. Oh my god! (laughs)







(group of people gathering, chattering)



AMIR: Hey, we got to get out of here before a lot of people come. (greeting someone) Hey, I'm Amir, how are you doing? 







(ordering inside the restaurant)



JAKE: I'll have the turkey burger.



AMIR: Yeah, and can I get uh, I didn't see chicken nuggets, but I want the closest possible thing. Also, there's a story on the front of the menu.  Nobody's going to read that. (tosses menu at server)







AMIR: Where are you guys from? 



GUY: Germany. 



FOLKS: Chapel Hill.



AMIR: Germany, I've heard of that. Is that in Texas? How long has it been?



JAKE: Since what?



AMIR: Since we ordered because I feel like it's been forever. 



JAKE: It's been like, ten seconds. 



AMIR: Maybe I'll say something. 



GIRL: Like a minute, maybe. 



AMIR: I'm going to say something.



(people at table begin objecting)



JAKE: Don't say it, don't say it. 



AMIR: Sorry, I'm hearing a lot--I'm hearing some yes's and some no's. 



JAKE: Who did you hear--



(more objections from the table as people talk over each other)



AMIR: (pointing around) Yes, maybe, maybe. 



JAKE: No. They've all said no. 



AMIR: I'm going to go say something. 



JAKE: Don't say anything!



AMIR: Worst case scenario, I go over there, I yell at them, they say our food is coming out. 



GUY: We get kicked out. 



AMIR: Get kicked out?



JAKE: Worst case scenario, they get kicked out. 



AMIR: Kicked out. 







(Amir is sitting in a chair in the hotel room talking to camera)



AMIR: Do I regret what I did? Uh, yes, obviously. Would I do it again? No, I would never- I don't want to hit people.  It just happens. Uh, do I have the courage to make that mistake again? Yeah, techni--



(camera pans over to Jake on the phone)



JAKE: Yeah, I know it's terrible for the Fiesta. I know. 



AMIR: Terrible, what--?



JAKE: You sent him on a road trip with me--



AMIR: Jake. (over Jake) H-h-hey, Jake--



JAKE: --do you-do you know what it's like tonight? It took three people to get him out of the restaurant, OK? He's unnaturally strong. 



(Amir and Jake are talking over each other but can't make out what Jake is saying) 



AMIR: Hang up the phone, because I'm apologizing right now and all- Tomorrow you're going to look like a fool. Hey. 



JAKE: --now he's here in the hotel doing some kind of weird confessional thing. 



AMIR: In two weeks, we're going to be-we're going to be closer friends because of this. 



JAKE: Listen to him. 



AMIR: So you sh-you should hang up the phone right now because you're going to look like- Can you go in the other room?  I'm just trying to finish up this confessional. 



JAKE: (to Amir) I have to go to the other room? 



AMIR: You have to go to the other room! I--



JAKE: I have to go apologize to Sam, I have to call the restaurant because--



AMIR: That's what this is! (loudly) This is SO funny, when you think about it. Go into the other room and I'll do the confessional and then I'll- Twenty-five more minutes and then boom.  



CAMERAMAN: I think we have everything we need. 



AMIR: No, we don't have everything we need. 



JAKE: You have everything you need. Don't talk-



AMIR: Leave the cameras here. Leave the cameras here and I'll keep talking.  (lunging for camera) Leave the cameras here--



(caption - Two more nights to go! / Fine out where we're going by checking out: Twitter.com/jakeandamir / Be the first two people to find us and get a free dinner! / On us. / That's what free means. / Whateva.) 



TO BE CONTINUED. 



http://www.collegehumor.com/video/5733454/fiesta-movement-presents-ja-road-trip-3

													

														INTRO:



AMIR: This episode of Jake and Amir is brought to you by me, bitches!



JAKE: No more sponsorships.







[Jake and Amir are sitting at their office desks. Amir starts doing robot moves.]



JAKE: Yo Amir, you sign up for health insurance? This email says we're supposed to re-enroll.



AMIR: Uh, look at me (laughing).



JAKE: Yeah you look pretty sick. Your very gaunt.



AMIR: No I mean do I look like the type of person that checks his email?



JAKE: Well you were checking my email before.



AMIR: Yeah, well that's different!



JAKE: You need to sign up for health insurance. Do you want me to help you?



AMIR: Yeah, you can help me.. by shutting the f**k up.. Why don't you start now, and--



JAKE: Ok. Y- So you're not even polite about being dumb, right? S- You know health insurance is a good idea.



AMIR: Yeah if you plan on being sick! (laughing) Which I do not; I'm sorry.



JAKE: It's actually if you don't plan on being sick.



AMIR: ...Wat?



JAKE: Nobody plans on being sick. You get health insurance just in case.



AMIR: Nonononono, health insurance is a sucker's bet.



JAKE: Do you even know what that expression means?



AMIR: At the moment? ...Worms.



JAKE: Ok, look. Amir? You especially need health insurance. You're incredibly malnourished.



AMIR: Ha, that's not even a word!



JAKE: Yes it is.



AMIR: (hitting the table angrily) Dammit! Aw I never get it right when I guess that! I'm like 0 (pronounced O) for lifetime.



JAKE: Are you signing up yet?



AMIR: No, ok? I'm not. I have too much to think about right now, I'm sorry.



JAKE: Why? What do you have to think about?



AMIR: I'm tired, ok, I'm stressed, I'm dizzy, I stay up at night coughing, I'm sneezing all the time, I feel like I have an ear infection because my ear really really really hurts and on top of all that, every time I inhale it feels like I'm swallowing a ton of bricks, so sorry if I don't want to deal with this right now.



JAKE: It sounds like you are already really really sick and you should probably get health insurance.



(Amir sneezes blood into his hands.)



AMIR: Enough with the health insurance, ok? Please! You're obsessed!



JAKE: You just sneezed blood; are you sure you're okay?



AMIR: (starting to get dizzy) Compromise Alert. Eheh. Let's do... let me do dental with you today, and then if things go well, we shall do the full thing tomorrow, how about that? No promises though!



(Amir passes out, hitting his head on the desk.)



END.

													

														(caption - Somewhere in Virginia)



(Amir and Jake are sitting quietly in the car)



AMIR: This is nice. Isn't it? 



JAKE: Yeah. 



AMIR: What's your favorite part? 



JAKE: It's look- Just, can we just enjoy the view? 



AMIR: What's that? 



JAKE: We don't have to talk. Just-just enjoy the view and then we get back on the road, OK? We have a long night of driving.



AMIR: OK. Let's enjoy the view. 



JAKE: Just enjoy the view. No talking. 



AMIR: No talking, just enjoying. 



JAKE: Just silence. 



AMIR: (pause) Silence is golden. (pause) It's the primo. It's the top--



JAKE: Shhhh. 



AMIR: Shhh.



JAKE: Shh. 



AMIR: Shhhhwhewww. 



(Amir pretends to karate chop Jake)



JAKE: (softly) Come on. 



AMIR: (softly) Sorry. Shh. 



(pause)



AMIR: My neck hurts when I go like that. Can you hear that?



JAKE: Just please be quiet.



AMIR: Can you hear that?



JAKE: Shh!



AMIR: It's like uh, it's a thing. (a bit loudly) Starting now, please silence all cell phones. (chuckles) Shhhhhh. (pause) (loudly imitates a race car) No talking or noises right? (begins tapping on a coke can) Sin gas, please. Sans gas, s'il vous plat.  (opens the can and takes a sip) Ah. (coughs) How do they put--(spills soda on Jake)



JAKE: OH! 



AMIR: Oh my lo-I was going to wear that tomorrow! 







(caption - Harrisonburg, Virginia)



AMIR: All right, we're at statue, the James U statue; I'll just write 'at the statue'?



JAKE: At the statue? Just don't even say where it is. 



AMIR: Do you think people will know where it is? 



JAKE: We are here. We're at this-We're standing at this guy. 







AMIR:  Come on! Come on!



JAKE: It's actually freezing here, you guys.  You can't tell, but it's like-it's negative twenty-two.



(Amir laughs)







(a group of folks rush Amir and Jake)



AMIR: Oh my lord! That's too many people!



JAKE: That's so crazy!



(Amir is shaking hands, introducing himself to folks)



KEVIN: I'm Kevin.



AMIR: Amir. Hi. 



COURTNEY: Courtney.



AMIR: Amir.



ROCHELLE: Rochelle. 



AMIR: Amir. Oh my gosh. 







AMIR: See, this is what happens when you do too-too-too much of a public locale. 







(at a large table inside the dining hall)



JAKE: So what year are you guys?



GIRL: Seniors.



OTHER GIRLS: Seniors. 



JAKE: Cool, and you guys are uh, sorry. (turns around to address Amir who is by himself at another table) You're really not going to eat with us, huh?



AMIR: We're in a fight! I'm sorry! 



JAKE: Why are we in a fight?



AMIR: Because we never eat where I want to eat. We always eat where you want to eat. 



JAKE: Didn't you want to eat here in the dining hall? 



AMIR: Yes! So? 



JAKE: And we're here.



AMIR: Oh. That's true. (laughs)



JAKE: It's funny- you just come here and sit next to me then? 



AMIR: Can I sit on your lap? 



JAKE: What? 



AMIR: CAN I SIT ON YOUR--



(caption - One night left! / Find out where we'll be by following us on Twitter at: Twitter.com/jakeandamir / Tonight's gonna be a good night! / Tonight's gonna be a good good night! / Stop. / WooooOoooo!) 



TO BE CONTINUED. 



http://www.collegehumor.com/video/5734988/fiesta-movement-presents-ja-road-trip-4

													

														[Jake and Amir are driving in a car. Amir is singing/humming loudly.]



JAKE: Can you please just..--



AMIR: (picking up his phone) Oh. Hello? Oh hey, babe! Yeah, we're having a lot of fun! (laughs) Jake had little too much fun last night. (Jake laughs) Gots- Got pretty handsy with some ladies, but.. nothing they couldn't handle. (JAKE: Oh they handled it.) (both laugh.) Yeah. I know- we d- we never talk anymore. I call you, you call me, it's like we're playing phone tag all the time, let's-- let's have a phone date tomorrow, ok? Ok we're gonna be home tomorrow and we can talk then. Ok. Ok bye- Oh you wanna talk to Jake? One second. (handing the phone to Jake) It's your mom.



JAKE: What the f**k!



AMIR: What?







[Jake and Amir are in front of a fountain outside at night, and are talking to the camera.]



AMIR: Alright, so, we are here in Philadelphia; we're tweeting that here at this exact location, and then... instead of taking people to dinner, we're just- we're just gonna order pizza and eat with.. whoever comes.



JAKE: This was my idea.



AMIR: This was my idea.



JAKE: It was our idea.



AMIR: It was my idea and then he said that it was a good idea.







JAKE: Here comes somebody running!



AMIR: Hey!



GUY 1: Am I first?



AMIR: You did it! (laughs)



JAKE: Yeah!



GUY 1: YES!!!



JAKE: Hey.



GUY 1: Ahh, what's going on?



(Guy 1 and Jake hug.)







[A second person has arrived, and music is overdubbed.]



GUY 2: Hey there! (shakes hands with Jake)



JAKE: What's your name?



GUY 2: (not possible to tell; sounds like sar-sar)



JAKE: Jake, nice to meet you.



(Girl 1 enters, shakes hands with Jake while Guy 2 shakes hands with Amir.)



AMIR: How are you doing?



GIRL 2: Please! ..Sorry! Hi!



(Girl 3 enters, shakes hands with Amir)



AMIR: Hi! Oh my gosh!







(Guy 3 runs on.)



GUY 3: OH MY GOD! HAHAHA!







[Amir and Rosie walk towards the group, each holding several boxes of pizza.]



AMIR: Pizza!



(Several people in the crowd react)







[Everyone is eating pizza and talking.]



AMIR: Oh! Somebody else (indiscernible)







[Amir is talking to three fans.]



AMIR: Oh my gosh, thank you.



(The fans continue to talk to him.)







(The camera shows several more shots of people enjoying themselves.)







[Jake and Amir are posing for a picture with some fans.]



JAKE: (presumably to Guy 1) You guys found us! You b-- You're first!



FAN W/ CAMERA: Alright, ready?



AMIR: These are all my cousins!







(A shot of the fans talking.)







JAKE: Everybody, if you just got here, you should be eating pizza! Cuz we have a lot of pizza. And I don't know why you're not eating pizza.







[Two fans are talking to Amir.]



FAN 1: Yo, thanks for the free food, man; I'm really glad we found you, but--



AMIR: Yeah, well.. free-ish, uh, it's free to get here, but then it's $2.50 a slice, so this would be five bucks. (holding up two slices) And trust me, it is worth it!



FAN 1: It's cold, but you said it was free, right?



AMIR: It is cold, but that's what... (gesturing at Fan 2)



FAN 2: (to Fan 1) I'll just- I'll just take care of it



AMIR: He's gonna pay! Exactly, he's gonna pay- it's five bucks!



(Jake enters, putting his hand on Amir's shoulder, startling him.)



AMIR: Ahh! What's up?



JAKE: Are you making them pay for the pizza?



AMIR: No, it's free!



JAKE: You're not?



AMIR: I'm not.



JAKE: (to the two fans) Is he making you pay for the pizza?



FAN 1: Yeah,--



AMIR: Who are you gonna believe, me or them?



JAKE: You lie to me constantly. Why would I- Why would I believe you?



AMIR: That's true. Alright, new-- Jake wins! (to Fan 1) Give him twenty bucks!



JAKE: Not a game.



AMIR: Give him forty! And then I'll- Gimme twenty later.



JAKE: I don't wanna--



AMIR: GIVE HIM FORT--







(The video cuts to black, with the banjo music, and text appears.)



TEXT: Thanks so much to everyone who came out!



TEXT: And to Ford Fiesta for making it all possible!



TEXT: Find out where we'll be by following us on Twitter at: Twitter.com/jakeandamir



TEXT: They're welcome to follow us on Twitter, but we're just gonna be at the office.



TEXT: Tonight's gonna be a good night!



TEXT: Stop.



END.

													

														INTRO Amir - One mississippi, two mississippi, three- (singsong) You're not hiding.



Jake - (singsong) Why should I be? 



Amir - (singsong) I don't know.







(Rosie and Jake are laughing)



AMIR: Jake, is Rosie annoying you?



JAKE: I'm fine.



AMIR: I can ask him to leave.



ROSIE: Come on, we're just playing Facebook wall roulette.



AMIR: How do you play? Explain it to me, like I'm an idiot, OK? Clearly.



JAKE: We just write random, weird things on our friend's wall as each other. So, like, um, here, come here.



(Amir goes over to Jake and Rosie but manages to sneak up from behind)



JAKE: Oh! My god.



AMIR: OK, so. 



JAKE: All right. Log in as you. 



AMIR: Password. Jake rules, with a 'Z' so a little hip or whatever. 



JAKE: It's not that impressive. OK, now I can sen-- You're only friends with me and Leron? 



AMIR: Well, yes, but I mean I was going to add more friends but I end up deciding against it because everyone rejected me.



JAKE: You decided against it or everyone rejected you?



AMIR: I'm sorry. Is the name of the game 'embarrass your friends'? 



ROSIE: Can I--



(Amir elbows Rosie in the shoulder)



AMIR: Come on, man.



JAKE: I'm just going to sign Leron's wall 'hey dude, I french kissed your dog'.



AMIR: Ah! Don't! (sighs) He's going to think it's me now. He hates when I do that. 



JAKE: Well, that's the idea, right? You signed up to play the game, there are no vetoes, all right, that's the beauty of it.  



AMIR: OK, fine. I'm going to log in as you now. 



ROSIE: He knows your password?



JAKE: I change it literally every day. 



AMIR: And I shall write on...Jaime's wall.



JAKE: No, no, no. No Jaime, not Jaime, not Jaime. 



AMIR: What the heck? You said that's the beauty of the game. 



JAKE: Veto. Veto.



AMIR: Th-there's no, no vetoes. 



JAKE: I didn't say that. I didn't say that.



AMIR: Really? (picks up tape recorder)



JAKE (on recorder): You signed up to play the game, there are no vetoes, all right,  that's the beauty of it. 



AMIR: So.



JAKE: Are you recording me all the time? 



AMIR: No. I memorize what you say the first time you say it. (laughs)



JAKE: OK, look, just not Jaime. All right? She was my first love, my first kiss, my first everything.  



AMIR: Not your first raspberry. 



(Amir tries to get to Jake's belly, ends up on top of Jake on the floor)



JAKE: Oh shit. Get the-- What the--



AMIR: Come on, here we go man. One time--



JAKE: No!



AMIR: Let me do this one time! One time! One bit--



(Jake grabs Amir's head and slams it against the underside of his desk a few times, Amir falls limp on Jake) 



JAKE: Ugh! Oh god, are you OK?



(Amir reaches for the tape recorder on the table and plays it)



JAKE (on recorder): I'm fine. 



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHwPXbSRoYc 

													

														INTRO



AMIR: Hi, my name is Amir and my favorite color is blue.



JAKE: This isn't an icebreaker.



AMIR: Ok, good, because my favorite color is really red.







(Jake tapping on desk by Amir's computer)



JAKE: Ok, is this good to send or not?



AMIR: Sorry, I haven't been reading. When you were drumming, I was kinda like getting addicted, addicted, addic-



JAKE: This is a really important e-mail, Ok, Jamie's single now, and I might have an opportunity.



AMIR: Yes, to...?



JAKE: To f- date her, to date her. (turns) Hey, Sarah. To date her.



AMIR: Date. You're sweet.



JAKE: Just read the e-mail, Ok, come on.



AMIR: Ok there. Ok, right off the bat, the first sentence is a cliche, so-



JAKE: (standing up, to everyone) Wow. I guess it's my fault for asking the least romantic person in the office to help me with an e-mail. (to Amir) Just delete the first sentence, then



AMIR: What did you say?



JAKE: If it's cliche, delete it, she might think it's cliche too.



AMIR: Ok, oh, it says I really like you twice in this first sentence.



JAKE: (standing up and clapping, to everyone) Oh my God, literary Shakespeare. Right? Congratulations, Sherlock Holme, you cracked another mystery.



AMIR: (quietly, to himself) Sherlock Shakespeare.



JAKE: Oh, way to go. (to Amir) Delete the, delete the second one then, or the first one, whichever you think- whichever you think is better.



AMIR: Thoughtful doesn't have two Ls, thoughtful, so one L.



JAKE: (interrupting) Oh my God, you're wrong there. Sorry friend, it does.



AMIR: No, it's underlined in red.



JAKE: Oh my God, spell check knows all the answers, right?



AMIR: Not all, but, it knows the words at least. (Jake gets up and starts clapping) The ones that are based on words, it knows them.



JAKE: (To everyone) Congratulations. Give it up for Amir Blumenfeld, you guys, winner of the fourth grade spelling bee, right? (grabbing Amir's head in a high voice) Oh, congratulations, big boy! Good job, you won the fourth grade spelling bee.



AMIR: (yelling) What do you want from me?!



JAKE: Get rid of the second L! Get rid of it. God, I don't even know why I asked you to do this.



AMIR: (getting up) You know what? Fine.



JAKE: (grabbing him) No, no, don't be a big baby about it. Just, overall, what did you think? Not that I respect your opinion.



AMIR: Uh, it's, it's, I mean it's good, it's long, it's really long, like there's two paragraphs here that say the same thing twice, so why don't you just choose one of them?



JAKE: (standing up, to everyone) Wow, two part question for Amir. When's the last time you got laid, brother? And, uh, number two, (to Amir) delete the second paragraph.



AMIR: Second two part question.



JAKE: Delete- First part was the laid, they were both- Just delete the second paragraph. Alright? It's not hard.



AMIR: Here, I have a- Ok- maybe, sorry, maybe this is kinda, the whole thing is really intense, maybe you just shouldn't send it. Maybe you should wait until you see her in person. Maybe she's coming to New York, you can tell it to her, to her face.



JAKE: That's a great idea!



AMIR: Yeah.



JAKE: Great idea, that's why you're crawling with women, right? You know what? (calling) Pat! Can you- Can you read this?



PAT: (on phone, to Jake) Yeah, one sec! (mutters on phone)



AMIR: (approaches Pat) Hey, no, not. (takes his phone and throws it on the table) Not one second. Can-you-read-this. That's it.



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														Opening Sequence



Amir: You're watching Jake and Amir, and I don't where the frig Jake is.



Jake: It's fine.



Amir: Don't tell me it's fine!







Episode



(Jake, Amir, Sam and two others get out of a crashed van. Jake uses his phone.)



Jake: Jamie. I'm going to be very very late. NoI'm sorry. It's beyond my control, okay. There was an accident, andlook, justplease, 

I'm sorry, go to your audition, and I'll meet up with you after. (Hangs up) How the f**k did this happen?



(One day earlier. Miami International Airport. Jake is sitting at the baggage claim area, on the phone.)



Jake: Hey, dude.



Sam: (On the other end) Sup!



Jake: God, I tell you to stop doing that so often.



Sam: Sorrow.



Jake: And that. Okay, looklong story short, I had this major thing for a girl back in high school, and uh, I just found out she's an 

actress working on a show here in Miami. So I can came down here, on a whim, to try to find her. I need somebody to cover for me for 

the next few days at work.



Sam: I am your man, Sam, the covering man.



Jake: Okay no, I just want you to relay this message to Pat. Amir broke his phone earlier.



Sam: No problem. This message will self-destruct in five, four, three



Jake: Don't self-destruct anything, justgive the message to Pat(his phone beeps) okay, Amir's calling me, one second.



Sam: Oh say hi for me!



Jake: (Switches to Amir) Hey.



Amir: It's 11:48; you're still not at work. You haven't been this late since January 3 2008. What gives, where am I going?



Jake: Not going anywhere, I'm at the dentist.



Amir: Wrong answer. I just called Dr. Reynolds and your appointment's not till next week. Any other brain blisters, MacGyver?



Jake: Brain busters.



Amir: Sure.



Jake: Look, I'm working from home for the next two days.



Amir: Okay, that's fine, I'll be there in 15. How's mom doing?



Jake: Leave me alone for two days. Hang out with someone else for two days. Can you handle that? I'll be back.



Amir: Yes. I have other friends Jakey, relax.



Jake: Good work, don't call me Jakey. I'm gonna go.



Amir: Wait, Jakey Jakey Jakey Jakey



(Jake switches back to Sam)



Jake: Sam.



Sam: Sup! Sorrow. Sorry.



Jake: Okay. I'm gonna go. Just do me a big favor man and don't tell Amir any of this.



Sam: Done. I already haven't told him.



Jake: Okay. Keep up the good work then. (Hangs up)



Sam: Alright man. This message in five, fo



(Amir talks out of the car behind Sam)



Amir: How much longer until we're in Miami?



Sam: Miami?! I told my dad we'd have the car back in 20 minutes!



Amir: Yeah, but 20 minutes from when?



Sam: Good point. Ohh, 20 minutes from when we took the car.



Amir: Get in the car!



Sam: He was very explicit about that.

													

														Opening Sequence



Amir: Welcome to Miami, bin bin ahh! So.



Jake: It's close.



Amir: Thank you.







Episode



(Sam and Amir are driving. Both are asleep. They get woken up by a car honk.)



Amir: Ahh! Ugh, come on! Ugh, focus!



Sam: So what's the plan? We get to Maimi? We find Jake, you and he become best friends, we all get matching tattoos?



Amir: Woah woah woah, what do you mean you and he become best friends? We already are.



Sam: Alright! For the tattoos I'm thinking Jake and Amir Foreva.



Amir: No, Sam.



Sam: No Sam.



Amir: No, I want it to say No, Sam.



Sam: It would be an honor.



(Jake is in Miami, leaving a message for Jamie!)



Jake: Hey! Uh, Jamie. It's Jake. Uh look, I'm down in Miami for work, um... down here like on a job



Passerby: Yeah, a blowjob.



Jake: Nosorry that wasn't me. Though I wouldn't turn one down. No, Iwell, I mean, I wouldn't turn one down, but I would only accept 

it if you really wanted to, and we were both, like, getting along, and I would return the favor many times over. Okay, um, I'm sorry, 

this is getting really long. I should just go. There's not an option to re-record, is there. (Tries something on his phone, but it 

apparently doesn't work) No, there's not. Okay. So yeah, uh, Jake, in Miami, give me a call back, bye. (Hangs up, and calls again) Hey, 

uh, Jamie look. Jake again. For the first time. Uh, someone crazy stole my phone. Uh, so yeah. But I am in Miami though, so just...



(Back with Amir and Sam)



Amir: We're out of gas! What the heck, it says E!



Sam: Yeah, E stands for not enough gas, idiot!



Amir: So what's F?



Sam: Fine, for now, gaswise. The tank is fine.



Amir: Dang it! Ugh, god, this sucks!



Sam: I guess we could hitchhike.



Amir: What, are you crazy? We're gonna get murdered.



Sam: No no no, it's the hitchhikers that do the murdering.



Sam and Amir: (Jubilantly) We're gonna murder people!

													

														Opening Sequence



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: Aloha!



Jake: That's Hawaii.



Amir: No. Is it?







Episode



(Sam and Amir are trying to hitchhike, Sam sticking his middle finger at passing cars)



Sam: I don't get why nobody's pulling over, I've been doing this for an hour.



Amir: Use a different finger.



(Sam puts up his other middle finger)



Amir: That'll do it.



Sam: Hey! Hey!



Amir: Okay.



Sam: It's working!



Amir: Okay. Higher!



Sam: It's working!



Amir: Higher! Higher!



Sam: Hey!



(A van pulls over; the man in the passenger seat has a camera)



Cameraman: Hey what's up guys?



Sam: Hey man.



Cameraman: You guys need a ride?



Sam: Yeah, we're going to see Jake Hurwitz.



Cameraman: Oh that's perfect, we're actually heading in that direction.



Sam: Awesome.



Amir: That's great.



Sam: That's great.



Cameraman: Let's roll, come on!



(Sam and Amir get in the van)



Cameraman: Come on in, fellas.



Amir: Sup!



Sam: You guys got wall-to-wall carpet in your van!



Cameraman: Oh, isn't it great?



Sophia: Hi, guys!



Amir: Crazay. (The van starts to move and Amir almost loses his balance) Oh, hey, he's moving...



(Sam and Amir sit in the back, next to Sophia)



Sophia: Hi, I'm Sophia!



Sam: Hey Sophia, how's it going?



Sophia: Good!



Amir: Oh, this is like a...



Sophia: (Climbing on top of Sam and kissing him) Oo, I like you.



Amir: This is, like, other people are going to see Jake? Er...



Sam: Oh my god. I like you too.



Camerman: Be a little careful, she's a bit crazy.



Amir: Sam, stay in the game.



(Sophia climbs on Amir next)



Amir: Oh! Hi. I don't care.



Sophia: Hi!



Sam: I don't care.



Cameraman: But she's nice! You don't have to be shy.



Amir: No, no! I'm aokay... Sam, what's still



Sam: Hey Amir, can I talk to you on the other side of the van for a second?



Amir: Uh, sure. (To Sophia) We'll be back, I think.



(Sam and Amir go towards the front of the van)



Sam: Hey man, I think I really have a chance with this girl, and I'd appreciate it if you'd back the fuck off.



Amir: What are you talkingyou just can't stand that for once in your life some girl loves me more than she loves you!



Sam: It's just so rare that I have so much in common with somebody right away.



Amir: So much inwhat do you have in common with her?



Sam: We both think I'm cute!



(Sophia is about to have sex with another man in the back)



Amir: First of all, I'm sorry comprende but, you are not her type.



Sam: What do you mean I'm not her type?!



Amir: Okay, first of all, look at the guy she's with right now, right?



Sam: Yeah.



Amir: He looks like moi.



Sam: Okay he does not. He looks much more like moi than yoi.



Amir: No, look at his dick!



Sam: I am looking at his dick!



(Jake is still walking and on the phone)



Jake: Hey, Jamie! What's up? Yeah, um, I'm in Miami for work. So I have, like, meetings now, but maybe we could, uh, hang out after. 

Okay, umno, now is fine! Now is good. Those meetings just aren't happening anymore.



(Back to Sam and Amir)



Amir: (Looking out the window) That looks like Jake!



Sam: That looks nothing like Jake's dick, Jake's dick doesn't have nearly that



Amir: No, that looks like Jake!



(Sam looks out the window)



Sam: Oh my god that's Jake!



Amir: That is Jake!



Sam: Jake! Pull over!



Amir: Jake! Pull over!



Jake: I'm on 17th and Collins.



(The van pulls up to Jake)



Amir: Jake.



Jake: Oh my god. Hey psychos. What are you doing here?



Amir: Oh nothing much, psycho, just coming to rescue you.



Sam: Yeah psycho.



Jake: That's not a pet name.



Amir: Yeah Sam, butt out.



Sam: I wanna be a psycho.



Jake: How the hell did you guys get here, and what is thisyou guys are in the Bang Bus.



Amir: What's a bang bus?



Jake: It's a porn site. They get strangers to fuck in a van.



Sam: No, there are no pornstars here. Just an awesome girl competing over mine and Amir's affection.



Jake: Is she fucking somebody?



Amir: Is she preparing for us? Yes.



Sam: (To Sophia) You know there's such a thing as overpreparing!



Jake: (To Jamie) Hey, I'm sorry. Um, what was that address again? I think I just found a ride.

													

														Previously On Jake and Amir:



Jake: I had this major thing for this girl from my high school, I just found out she's here in Miami. 



Amir: How much longer till we're in Miami?



Unknown voice behind camera: You guys need a ride?



Amir: Jake!



Jake: You guys are in the Bangbus.  I think I just found a ride.



Amir: Welcome to Jake and Amir Miami part four, We open on a crowded through...



Jake: Just let the video start.



Amir Fine!



Jake: You know you guys don't have to sit back there (over a man, and a women moaning).



Sam: I can't believe we're on the Bangbus.



Amir: I know!



Jake: A few minutes ago you didn't even know what it was.



Amir: Yeah but now that we do..



Sam and Amir: Incredible (high five each other).



Jake: Great high five.



Amir: Guys the important thing is we're together.  New York city please! (at bus driver)



Driver Uh, no.



Amir: We'll be home shortly boys.



Jake: Ok lets just concentrate on getting to Jamie's house.



driver: Jamie's house.



Jake: Oh that's us, take a left.



Amir: got it! 



All: scream



(reaches over drivers chair and attempts to turn the steering wheel.  Tire screeching and a crash is heard)



Jake: Jamie, I'm going to be very, very late.



Jamie: Of course you are. 



Jake: No, I'm sorry.  It's beyond my control, ok, there's been a accident and...



Jamie: There's always something.  I've been waiting for you since I was sixteen, and I'm done waiting.



Jake: Please I'm sorry just go to your audition and I'll meetup with you after.



Jamie: Whatever.  (hangs up phone)



unknows: How the f**K did this happen?



Driver: I think you guys wrecked the Bangbus.



Sam: we didn't wreck it.



Amir: We totaled it.



Sam: We totaled it!



Amir: Yeah totaledly fine.



Sam: It's totally fine.



Amir: So cool!



Driver: Ok, um not cool.  You're going to have to come back to the Bangbros headquarters and talk to my boss. 



Amir: I don't know, do we have time?



Sam: YES Amir, this is what we have to do.

													

														[Van crashed into pole]



Narrator: Previously on Jake and Amir



[Jump cut]



[Jake on phone]



Jake: This is beyond my control, okay? There is an accident and...



[Jump cut]



[Jake pushes doors of van open]



[Jump cut]



Jamie: There's always something. I'm done waiting.



[Jump Cut]



Bang Bros. Employee: You're gonna have to...



[Jump Cut]



Bang Bros. Employee: Talk to my boss







[INTRO]



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir and Jake's not gonna stay mad at me if I tickle him!



Amir: Get off!



Jake: Ow!







[Jump Cut to clothing store]



Jake: So this is Bang Bros headquarters.



Sam: I feel I'm in Willy Wonka's porno factory.



[Sam picks up lingerie]



Amir: Everything smells sticky.



[Amir sniffs lingerie]



Jake: Sticky isn't a smell, put this down.



[Jake pushes lingerie down]



Jake: Just keep your heads down. Look apologetic.



Amir: Okay, this is probably a bad time to bring this up, but I haven't eaten in 48 hours!



Sam: We had a goldfish in North Carolina.



Jake: Like the cracker?



Sam and Amir: Uhhh... yeah!



Sam: We also murdered a whole bunch of....... Hey look at this!



Amir: Oh my gosh!



Jake: Did you say about... murder?



[jump cut]



Amir: Woah! Check it out!



[Amir holds up a purple shoe with polka dots]



Jake: Ah! You know where we spent this? (Not sure) It's purple and purple



Amir: Purple and purple, what do you think dude?



Jake: Well, plaid with polka dots, so that's a no. Also, you're an asshole.



Amir: Yeah that's true. Well, let's put it in the maybe pile.



[Amir shoe into big pile]



Jake: You gonna pick them up?



Amir: Maybe.



[throws another shoe in the pile]



[Jump Cut to Andy's Office]



Andy: Take a seat.



[The three sit down]



Jake: In your own chair, right?



Amir: Well, he didn't specify, so....



Andy: You crashed my van, now I'm gonna crash yours.



Jake: Um, we don't have a van.



Andy: Wow. Wasn't ready for that. Well I'm missing a Bang Bros episode so you guys are gonna have to shoot something.



Amir: Done. What are your thoughts on astronaut accountants?



[Jake covers Amir's mouth]



Amir: [muffled] From outer space!



Jake: No, no. We're not really comfortable filming anything with you guys, so...



Andy: Look, you don't have to do anything uncomfortable, just fill this form out.



[Hands them forms]



Amir: Fill out the forms. Just fill out the forms!



Jake: We're looking at the forms.



Amir: I am anal about some stuff... I'll put yes.



Jake: No. No. No.



Sam: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.



[They hand forms in]



Andy: Wow, yes across the board. That's a first time. You even added a box. What's yeastiality?



Sam: Yeastiality... I will have sex with a cake.



[Jump Cut]



Jake: Alright, here's the plan. I think we can slip out of here at some point.



Sam: Definitely.



[Pulls shirt off]



Jake: Why are you taking off your clothes?



Sam: I assume we're gonna sneak back in at some point!



Amir: So....



[Cut to girl walking in room]



Jake: Jamie!



Jamie: Jake?



Jake: What are you doing here?  I thought you had an audition!



Jamie [sheepishly]: I got the part...



[To be continued]

													

														Previously on Jake and Amir:



Jake:It's beyond my control there's been an accident. 



Jamie: There's always something.  I'm done waiting.



Porn director: You're going to have to talk to my boss. 



Jake: Jamie?



Jamie: Jake?



Jake: What are you doing here, I though you had an audition? 



Jamie: I got the part.



Amir: Welcome to episode six of seventy three of the Jake and Amir Miami series.



Jake: This is the last one.



Amir: gorsh damn a nit.



Jake: Gosh this is so F**ked 



Amir: I know, we always get into zany situations like this.  It's crazy!  Hug it out?



Jake: Nothing to hug out.



Amir: Hug it out bitch



Jake: No I'm not hugging you. 



Sam: I'v done some community theater, and some background work on law and order. 



Jamie: Uh, I didn't ask anything.



Sam: It was implied.  Ice Tea was a total sweat heard, we used to call him sweat tea haha.   Can I unhook your bra?



Jamie: Uh no.



Sam: no.



Jake: Sam here's the plan.  Do you remember the time you got out of that community service day by faking the seizure? 



Sam: (shakes head in a seizure like manor) 



Jake: exactly, do that.  Me and Amir will sneak out the back and met you in the hospital and we'll bust you out from there.



Sam: awesome (claps) lets do this porno and get the f**k out of here.



Jake: Ok no we're doing this to avoid doing the porno.



Sam: Yes (walks of screen).



Jake: (turns to Jamie) Jamie you don't have to be doing this. 



Jamie: Look who's talking.



Jake: I'm only doing this because we have no money, because we crashed a van.  Which I know sounds worse but... But you can have a better life than this.



Jamie: I make four hundred thousand dollars a year.



Jake: yeah, forty thousand dollars a year is like in the grand scheme of this...



Jamie: (over Jake talking) Four hundred..



Jake: What?  Four hundred thousand?  Ok, yeah.  Jamie I love you, I've always loved you.  I couldn't stop thinking about you in high school.  I can't stop thinking about you now.  All I want to do is be with you and if you maybe feel the same way my naked friend over there (points at Sam) is going to fake a seizure and we're going to bust him out of a hospital.  Now I know that sounds cliche but you have two options.  You can come with me to New York and live happy ever after, or you can stay down here in Miami making porn.  Either way just know I've always, always loved you.  



ONE WEEK LATER



(moaning from a porno is heard)



Jake: I can't believe you stayed in Miami and had sex with Jamie (to Sam).



Sam: Wait, wait, wait!



Amir: This is the best part!



Jamie (heard in the video) Now when you're done with that cake come over here and do me.



Sam and Amir both laugh while Jake Utters his non verbal disgust.



Amir: That's chocolate. 

													

														INTRO



AMIR: That's one small video for man, one giant video for mankind.



JAKE: Same video, though.



AMIR: Houston, we have a problem.







(Jake is at desk, Amir approaches with coat)



AMIR: Hey, hey. I got you something. So.



JAKE: Is this the jacket I was looking at yesterday?



AMIR: 'Tis.



SARAH: (swiveling around) Did you guys go shopping together, yesterday?



JAKE: No, no, no. (whispering to Amir) Get back to the desk, back to the desk. 



AMIR: I mean, you said you needed a nice jacket but it was too expensive but I figure you deserve it.



JAKE: Wow. (putting it on) Thank you.



AMIR: (sitting down) Uhh, no problem. Just pay me back wheneva. Hm. (pause) Oh. (laughs) What's the hardest part about coming out of the closet?



JAKE: What?



AMIR: Telling your dad that you're gay. 



JAKE: I think you mean the hardest part about rollerblading. 



AMIR: Huh?



JAKE: The joke is What's the hardest part about rollerblading? Telling your dad that you're gay.



AMIR: No, the hardest part about rollerblading is the jumps.



JAKE: Hey, I'm not gonna pay you back for this jacket.



AMIR: What?



JAKE: Earlier, you said something about me paying you back for the jacket and I wanted you to know that I'm not gonna pay you back.



AMIR: You don't have to- You don't have to pay me back right now.



JAKE: I know, that's true. I also don't ever have to pay you back.



AMIR: You don't have to pay me back with money or whatever, I don't want cash.



JAKE: Okay, I don't wanna owe you any favors either. 



AMIR: What?



JAKE: I didn't buy the jacket because it was too expensive which means I don't wanna gradually pay you back in any way.



AMIR: Just take me out to a series of dinners where at in the end result, the sum, is total to or greater than the amount of the jacket, and the bonus would be the thoughtfulness of me paying for the jacket-



JAKE: You'er basically saying exactly what I don't want to do, and you're making it a little worse by adding extra stuff on top of it.



AMIR: Right.



JAKE: (taking off jacket) Just take the jacket back.



AMIR: I don't want the jacket!



JAKE: Well why don't you return it and you can take the money?



AMIR: I don't want your f*cking money, okay? I just want your time and your gifts that greater than or equal to-



JAKE: The security tag is still in this.



AMIR: Yes. So?



JAKE: Which means you stole it.



AMIR: Right. No big deal, all you have to do is not walk by any stores, okay? Which I would have told you on one of out many first dates if you weren't being such a tightwad about it!



JAKE: First- first whats?



AMIR: Dinners. 



JAKE: Dinners? You said dates.



AMIR: No.



JAKE: Anybody heard- Who heard him say dates?



SARAH: I did. 



AMIR: Nobody.



JAKE: That's one.



AMIR: One of many.



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO:



AMIR: Gimme a J!



JAKE: No time to spell my name.



AMIR: Ok I was spelling MY name.



JAKE: Then you were wrong.



AMIR: Ah.







[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks. Amir finishes a glass of water and gets up to walk to the bathroom.]



AMIR: Ueh. Jake, I'm going to pee.



JAKE: Don't tell me, from now on, ok?



(As Amir is walking by a metal filing cabinet, he crashes into it.)



JAKE: Wow. Blumenfeld, you kidding me with that?



AMIR: (Exasperated) Am I kidding you with that? Is she (gesturing to an employee sitting next to the cabinet) kidding me with this? I mean look at this, the drawer is like out to here! You can't even walk past it!



JAKE: There's.. a little bit of space.



AMIR: Here, come here, I wanna see you walk by it. I wanna see you walk by it.



JAKE: I can see it from here, there's like a foot of spa--



AMIR: (Moving the cabinet so the drawer blocks the walkway) Well it wasn't like it-- It was like this, or something.



JAKE: It was like that? You just practically broke it. Look-- it's fine. I was kidding. Relax.



AMIR: Well I'm not kidding, ok man? This is fucking.. fire hazard.



JAKE: It's fucking fire hazard?--



AMIR: A.. fucking fire hazard--



JAKE: Ok so you care about fire hazard all of a sudden. You've covered my desk with lit candles before.



AMIR: Yeah. I was trying to have a seance with you, I'm not going to apologize for that- NOT in a gay way!



JAKE: Ok, didn't think it was until now. Why don't you just learn to laugh at yourself? People will respect you more for that.



AMIR: ...I am funny.



JAKE: That's not.. exactly what I meant.



AMIR: (pointing at Jake) Funniest person it the office?



JAKE: ...Not saying that.



AMIR: 'Preciate it.



JAKE: Didn't say it.



AMIR: (starting to smile) I forgot what we were even laughing about. (He laughs and turns to walk to the bathroom, hitting the drawer again. He turns around and smacks his fist into his palm in frustration.)



JAKE: That's fine.



AMIR: (with a cheesy smile) That's fine.



JAKE: No one saw you do it.



AMIR: (laughing) I know.



JAKE: What do you do, you laugh it off. Clumsy me!



AMIR: (laughing) Clumsy..



JAKE: There you go



AMIR: (laughing) Clumsy you...



JAKE: Clumsy you.



AMIR: Clumsy me...



JAKE: Alright. Go to the bathroom.



(Amir repeatedly smacks the cabinet with a baseball bat and his foot until Amir sees Jake turn around and recoils in surprise.)



AMIR: (Gesturing with the bat) What's up, ahh..



END.

													

														INTRO



AMIR: ...



JAKE: Thought you said you were gonna do this one.



AMIR: I'm getting into character.







Jake and Amir are sitting across from each other at their desks. Amir is on the phone with his mom, sounding annoyed.



AMIR(to his mom): Yes. Yes. Okay. Well I don't love you. Uh, goodbye mother. 



Amir hangs up the phone.



AMIR(to Jake): Ahhh, god!



JAKE: You know when you're an adult it's actually not cool to not love your mom.



AMIR: Chh, obviously. It's just that she's being extra annoying today, okay, she's trying to set me up with somebody.



Jake smiles.



JAKE: Okay, yeah, that's always awkward. Who is it?



AMIR: Uh, it's like my mom's sister's daughter or some shit. My mom's sister's daughter's friend or something. I don't know. 



JAKE: Which one?



AMIR: It's like I can do fine without your help mother. 



Amir laughs.



AMIR: Don't call me a s-



JAKE: Ah, which one is it though. Your mom's sister's daughter or your mom's sister's daughter's friend.



Amir laughs.



AMIR: What does she? She wants me to call this girl up and be like-



Amir does a geeky voice.



AMIR: Hi, uh, my mom gave me your phone number, would you like to go on a chocolate dinner with me?



Jake: One of those people is your cousin the other would be a family friend.



Amir: Yes, exactly. I'm telling you that it's weird.



Jake raises his voice a little, getting impatient.



Jake: You're telling me it's uncomfortable calling somebody, I'm telling you it's weird to f**k your cousin. 



AMIR: Yes. 



JAKE: Yes.



AMIR: I know.



JAKE: So you know that?



AMIR: Yeah. So...



JAKE: In this scenario which one of those two people is your cousin?



Amir shakes his head smiling.



AMIR: My mother's friend.



JAKE: That wasn't even an option.



Amir gets on his cell phone and calls his mom. He holds a finger up to Jake.



AMIR(to Jake): One second.



AMIR(to his mom): Hey, mom, hey, hey, hey. Yeah, ah, Jake told me everything you crazy slut. I'M NOT DATING LERON. So.



JAKE: I didn't sa-



AMIR(to his mom): Oh, also mom, I love you. 



JAKE: Nice.



AMIR(to his mom): So, cool.



Amir hangs up the phone



AMIR: Uh, yeah, it was mom's sister's daughter's friend.



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO



Amir: Hi, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Jake: See, that was good.



Amir: Go fuck yourself. 



Jake: Wow.







Josh: Yo Jake, check this out.



Jake: Whoah, you got it!



Amir: Whoah, you got it?



Josh: Yeah, uh, I'm so excited about it.



Jake: That is really sweet.



Amir: So sweet.



Josh: Yeah, it shoots video, too.



Jake: No way, in 1080?



Josh: Yeah, 1080p.



Amir: So does it take photos, too?



Josh: Yeah, it's a photo camera as well.



Amir: For real. For real.



Jake: How much did that cost you, if you don't mind me asking?



Josh: Uh, ran me about 18 and then with tax and everything about 2.



Amir: 2 bucks?



Josh: 2000.



Amir: So sick.



Jake: So what's the standard lens that it comes with?



Josh: Uh, it's a 28 to 134.



Amir (interrupting): What's your favorite color, man?



Josh: Uh..



Amir: It's a two part question. What sort of standards did it come in lens, and then, what's your favorite color, man? So, like mine's blue and then yours would be red?



Josh: Why don't I take your picture against the plant there, man?



Amir (speaking over Josh): Definitely.



Josh: 1.. 2.. 3



Jake: OW! God! What is wrong with you? Am I bleeding?



Amir: Barely. It's so little.



Jake: Really? Come on, I'm gonna wash this off, man.



Amir: Can I actually take this puppy out for a test drive this weekend?



Josh: SHIT!

													

														Intro



Jake: Hey you're watching Jake and



Amir: Amiiiiiiiiiiiir



Jake: I can not believe I let you do that.



Jake opens door and walks in to bathroom, looks horrified



Jake: Oh!



Amir: (off camera) Oh, woah woah woah!



Amir is on toilet with door open



Jake: Sorry!



Amir: Perve alarm! Come on! Ever heard of knocking?!



Jake: Knock- what? What are you talking about?



Amir: Knocking! It's where you make a fist with your hand and you hit stuff, you hit-



Jake: - I know what knocking is, this isn't a single bathroom.



Amir: There isn't a single bathroom that what? Finish your sentences! You always tell me to finish my sentences!



Jake: THIS isn't, THIS is not a single bathroom.



Amir: Oh, okay.



Jake: Right?



Amir: We're at an impasse. That's fine.



Jake: Okay, do you know what impasse means?



Amir: It's... everything you want. It's.... everything you need. (singing) It's everything inside of you that you wish



Jake: You could be. Okay shut the door.



Amir: You shut the door. Come here. Please.



Jake. No. No!



Amir: Come here!



Jake: No!



Amir: Come here!



Jake: NO! What is wrong with you?



Dave walks in



Dave: Jesus, what are you guys doing?   



Jake: It's not what it looks like.



Jake is hit by flying poo



Jake: Urgh! Oh! Oh!



Amir points to tub of chocolate pudding he is holding



Jake: Geez, thank God, what are you, what, what are you doing?!



Pat walks in



Pat: Dude, is that shit?



Jake: No no no, it's pudding.



Jake puts some in his mouth then gags

													

														Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, and I can dunk a basketball.



Jake: No one will believe that.



Amir: Well, they don't have to.



Jake: What?







Amir: Jake, uh, can you come in here for a second? Ricky's office.



Jake: Yea, sure. What's up?



Amir: Solid.



Amir: This is gonna be...



Jake: Whats up guys?



Amir: Yeah.



Therapist: Can you take a seat real quick?



Jake: Sure thing. On his lap or...



Therapist: It's really up to you.



Jake: ... next to him?



Amir: Next to me is fine.



Jake: You good?



(Jake puts his arm around Amir)



Jake : You look familiar.



Therapist: Do I?



Amir: No, he doesn't.



Jake: I guess not, no. 



Amir: You're fine.



Therapist: Amir brought me in here 'cause I'm a couple therapist.



Amir: Well, you're not a couple therapist. You're just one therapist. You're a couples therapist.



(Jake laughs, Therapist laughs ridiculously, like a seal.)



Jake: Oh man.



Amir: That's funny.



Therapist: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But he told me there was something wrong with the relationship between you two guys.



Amir: Barely. It's just sometimes it feels like we're not as good of friends as we should be.



Therapist: I bet you guys are more on the same page than you think. What's your favorite food on three. One, two, three.



Jake and Amir: Chicken nuggets



Jake: Oh my goodness 



Amir:Come on 



Therapist:Wow.



Amire: What is the odds..



Jake: You're so strong. 



Therapist: Low odds, low odds, low odds.



Jake: Look at this guy.



Amir: It doesn't even hurt me when he hits me like that.



Therapist: Jake, Amir brought me in here because he said you guys are best friends, but you're not really communicating.



Amir: Exactly, meet me in the middle, ok? Because I wanna be...



Jake, Amir  Therapist: (singing) Stuck in the middle with you shh



Therapist: Now, if you guys communicate better, you can get more work done.



Jake: Yes, you're right. Amir brings his computer to work everyday.



Amir:Everyday.



Therapist: Come on now, everyday?



Jake  Amir: Yeah.



Therapist: You know what? He also brought you something today, he brought you a copy of your favorite movie on DVD.



Jake: Pride and Prejudice? Hahaha.



Therapist: Unbelievable



Jake: Let's watch this tonight, man.



Therapist: Now, what I like to do at the end of all my sessions is, I want you guys both to get up, look each other in the eyes, and say the thing you've always wanted 



to say to each other.



Jake  Amir: I love you.



Jake: Dammit man.



Therapist: Big break throughs, big break through. 



(Therapist motor boats Jake and Amir as they hug)



(Scene changes, it's just Amir and the Therapist standing in the room)



Amir: (Motorboating an imaginary person)...and you're just loving it. And then basically, that's my fantasy. You, the couples therapist, make that happen. Me and Jake 



become best friends.



Therapist: That's exactly what's gonna happen?



Amir: Yes.



Therapist: Except for the motor boating, 'cause that made no sense. Right?



Amir: Let's get Jake.



Therapist: Ok, let's get Jake.



Amir: Jake, can you come into the... Ricky office?



Jake: No



Amir: I mean...



Episode Link

													

														Amir: Hey you ain't watching squat.



Jake: You're actually watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: Bitches.







Amir: Jake, can you come into the... Ricky office?



Jake: No.



Amir: I mean...



Amir: Hey bud, uh, you don't have to go into Ricky's office anymore. I changed my mind.



Jake: I know.



Amir: Unless you want your headphones back.



Jake: Ow! Come on.



Amir: Aye.



Amir: Uh, this is gonna be... 



Jake: What?



Amir: ...good



Therapist: Jake, you want to take a seat?



Jake: Not really.



Amir: Please.



Therapist: Maybe take a seat.



Amir: On my lap, or...



Jake: On your lap?



Amir: Or.



Jake: You look familiar.



Therapist: Do I?



Amir: No, he doesn't.



Jake: Yes, he does. You were Amir's dating coach. You tried to steal money from him as a dating coach.



Therapist: So, I am... So, I brought you in here because I am a couples therapist.



Amir: Well, not a couple therapist. You're one ther...



Therapist: I didn't say couple.



Amir: ( laughs ridicously like a seal)



Therapist: Stop it. Stop it. Stop it.



Jake: What the f...



Therapist: Are you eating things as a seagull?



Amir: I'm witty.



Therapist: What's your favorite food on three. One. Two. Three.



Jake: Salad.



Amir: Four, five, six.



Jake: Salad.



Amir: That's not even a food.



Jake: Wow. Neither is  four, five, six  really if you think about it. Right?



Therapist: Jake, Amir brought me in here because he said you guys are best friends but...



Jake: Wrong.



Therapist: ...you're just, well, let's keep it just at the facts. You're not giving enough in this best friend relationship.



Amir: Ok? Can you, right?  Meet me in the middle?



Therapist: I know the that song.



Amir: singing Meet me in the middle.



Therapist: Singing Meet me at the cross roads. You know I miss my uncle Charles.



Jake: You're singing differenet songs, different songs. You're singing crossroads.



Therapist: Let's calm down, let's calm down, let's calm down.



Therapist: Now, do you see? If you guys communicate, you can get much more work done.



Jake: Amir never brings a computer to work.



Therapist: What? You're saying he never brings a computer to work?



Jake: Never. 



Amir: Everyday



Therapist: What are you talking about, everyday? Don't you work at a website?



Jake: Yeah.



Amir: I think so.



(Amir begins to mime typing on a keyboard)



Therapist: What is that?



Amir: I have a keyboard.



Therapist: What do you plug that into? You need a computer to plug that into. That's fine. Listen to me, ok? It doesn't matter because today, big Am here did us a 



favor...



Amir: No.



Therapist:...and bought you a copy, I got this. And bought you a copy of your favorite movie on DVD with the twenty dollars I gave him.



Amir: No I didn't. I forgot.



Jake: What's my favorite movie?



Amir: Pride and Prejudice.



Jake: I didn't know that was a movie.



Amir: I didn't know Tower Records was closed.



Therapist: If Tower Records is closed, you go across the street to The Wiz.



Amir: ...The Wiz, I know. And I kid, it wasn't there either.



Therapist: Ok, when you talk it's like little people throwing up in my head. I'm gonna end this session the way that I end every single session. Both you guys just get 



up, ok? Look at each other in the eyes, and just say the thing you've always wanted to say but never could.



Amir: I love you.



Jake: If you want to be friends with me, just give me some space. Don't annoy me by pullig me into...



Therapist: Jake, just leave. You're right.



Jake: Thank you.



Jake: Get off me, goddammit, man.



Amir: Big break through, right?



Therapist: It's not a big break through.



Amir: Big break through.



(Amir motor boats Jake)



Therapist: Don't motor boat him.



Jake: Ew, ew, ew.



Therapist: Don't



Jake: You just bit me.



Episode Link

													

														Opening Sequence



Amir: Ho ho ho! Merry Jake-and-Amirxmas.



Jake: Bad pun.



Amir: Bad you.







Episode



(Amir is in a conference room when Jake walks by. Amir frantically calls Jake's name.)



Jake: What?



Amir: Wassup, dude?



Jake: Not much, dude. I was just walking back to my desk and you started freaking out and calling my name. Pretty much nonstop



Amir: Cool, cool. Since you're here, could you please proofread this for me for a second? So.



Jake: Oh that's kinda cute, it's a letter to Santa. Who are you writing it for? You? Okay, now it's just sad.



Amir: Lemme just know if there any typos, please.



Jake: The whole thing is really really aggressive.



Amir: Which part?



Jake: Read back the first sentence.



Amir: Listen up you fat bearded fa***t, I've been naughty this year, but I'm not gonna sugarcoat it: I still want all the toys. So.



Jake: Right, yeah. This is bad. I hate when you, like, don't get something, but you're also angry about it. It just feels, like, 

dangerous.



Amir: Take a seat.



Jake: I'm sitting.



Amir: Exacokay. That's what that means.



Jake: Sure, yeah. So you believe in Santa.



Amir: Yes, II believe in Santa! That's not the issue, okay?



Jake: Trust me, it's the issue.



Amir: So...



Jake: You know you're Jewish, right?



Amir: I also recorded this.



(Amir shows a video of himself on the laptop)



Video Amir: Hey buddy! Yeah, it's me. This isn't a jar of milk and cookies, no. It's a video letter. And you know what? Straight up? 

I've been a bad boy. But bad boys want all the toys. So drop the bag down the chimney, leave the sleigh and the reindeer, and go your 

fat ass to home. Are you gonna not drag your fat ass home, you fat fooy? Yeah! That's what I'm saying. I want the toys! I want all of 

them! I just do!

													

														INTRO:



AMIR: Hey, you're watching Jake and... me.



JAKE: So you forgot your own name?



AMIR: For like a second!







[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks. Amir is drinking a glass of water while plugging his nose.]



JAKE: It'll get easier.



AMIR: Ugh it's so clear and watery!



JAKE: Well it's water.



AMIR: Yeah, well that doesn't explain why it's clear, does it, ya dumb fuck!?



JAKE: Actually it does.



AMIR: Oh, gosh.



(Amir tries to hide what he's doing as he pops open a can of Coca Cola and pours a bit into the glass of water, but fails.)



JAKE: Ok I can see what you're doing.



AMIR: Yeah, and seeing is believing, so,, and then when you believe, not at the same time as you see,--



JAKE: Alright, you know what, never mind; I'm too tired for this today, man.



AMIR: Wanna know what to do?



JAKE: No.



AMIR: Drop a pencil, right? And when you go to pick it up, (tilts his head onto his palm and closes his eyes to mime sleeping) AEH!



JAKE: (imitating Amir) AEH! What's aeh?--



AMIR: AEH!--



JAKE: What is aeh!?



AMIR: Sneak in a quick nap!--



JAKE: Finish your-- finish your sentences!



AMIR: Sneak in a quick nap.



JAKE: That's a really really dumb idea.



AMIR: Yeah, well if it's so dumb I do it all the time, and.. nobody notices.



JAKE: Everybody notices.



AMIR: Impossible.



JAKE: You know sometimes you're down there for like three hours!



AMIR: Yeah, right, it's like a second.



JAKE: It seems like that to you because you're the one sleeping.



AMIR: Exactly!



JAKE: Exactly.



(Amir smiles at Jake, thinking he got him, but then his expression turns to confusion.)



AMIR: ......wat?



JAKE: Since you're asleep, time passes quickly for you, but to everybody else, it seems like a legit three hours.



AMIR: No...



JAKE: ...Yeah.



AMIR: (Putting his hands to his head in desperation) No. Oh, fuck me.



JAKE: You know sometimes you're down there just laying there like this with your eyes open! (putting his hands behind his head)



AMIR: Ok I'm relaxing!



JAKE: I know you're relaxing, we're not debating that.



AMIR: You know what, I can't have this conversation right now, okay? I'm tired.



JAKE: ..Fine.



AMIR: (looking down as if about to pick something up off the floor) Uhh, oops.



JAKE: You didn't drop anything.



(Amir is asleep, leaning back in his chair.)



JAKE: No more hiding under the desk, right?



AMIR: (sleep-talking) AHhnno.



JAKE: (to himself, since Amir is asleep) Okay.



END.

													

														INTRO



AMIR: Sup?



JAKE: You're watching Jake and Amir right?



AMIR: Sup?



JAKE Stop.



AMIR SU-rry...



JAKE is working at his desk; AMIR enters wearing a cowboy hat. He awkwardly sits down and takes off the hat.



AMIR [Boastfully]: Ohh, hats off to me.



JAKE: Whoa! New haircut.



AMIR: Yes sir [laughs] what do ya think? 



JAKE: You're kidding right?



AMIR: Yeah, I'm kidding [laughs] why am I kidding?



JAKE: It's obviously terrible 



AMIR [in a funny voice]: I know it, don't I know it?



JAKE [in the same voice]: Then why'd you get it?



AMIR: I got it because I needed a haircut but the girl obviously messed up bad!



JAKE: So you sit down you were like; 'oh hey maam can I have the worst haircut ever?'



AMIR [defensively]: No! I didn't which is why I'm going back there today and demanding my money, comes back to me.



JAKE: Sounds about right, good job.



AMIR: I'm gonna walk in there and be like look-



JAKE [Interrupting]: You don't have to say anything, yeah, when it's that bad you just walk in. You walk in and you're like PSSH!



Jake gestures to his hair.

Amir shoots Jake a finger gun In agreement.



AMIR: Sounds about right, sounds about right.



JAKE: Yeah



AMIR: What should I do until then because right now it's stuck in this bad state right?



JAKE [shaking his head]: I don't know dude.



AMIR [Aggressively/fighting back tears]: Well don't say 'I don't know dude' ehh? Because right now you're the only person who's actually telling it like it is so what do you think I should do?



JAKE: I don't know what you want me to say.



Amir slams his hands onto his desk violently.



AMIR [Yelling]: Just give me some frikken advice okay? Everyone else is sugar coating it they're all like 'oh nice haircut bro, looking good' but I obviously don't okay? So please I need you right now just tell me what to do I don't know what to do! 



Amir slumps his head onto the desk and starts loudly sobbing. 



JAKE: Stop- It's fi- 



Amir continues to cry.



JAKE: Dude I got you!



Amir stops crying



JAKE: Gotcha! Buddy?



Amir looks up, sniffling.



AMIR: I got you.



JAKE: I was kidding, your-you got me?



Amir cracks a smile



JAKE: Got me.



Amir is still struggling to keep from crying



JAKE: Look at you; you're not really sad.



Amir shakes his head.



JAKE: You don't care. 



AMIR [still upset]: I don't give a crap.



JAKE [positively]: That's good; we've got each other!



AMIR: I got you...



JAKE: We've got each other.



AMIR [urgently]: We HAVE each other.



JAKE: We got each other



AMIR [Panicked]: We have each other!



JAKE: We got...okay, we have each other we have each other! We have eachother we have each other!



Amir slumps his head down onto the desk again.



JAKE [Singing]: We have each other, we got the world...



Amir joins in



Together [Singing]: ...Spinnin' right in our hands baby, you and me. We gotta be, the luckiest dreamers who never stopped dreamin'

													

														INTRO:



AMIR: Hey you're watching Jake and Amir and it's funnier than Mad About You.



JAKE: Mad About You?



AMIR: Yeah the TV show.



JAKE: No, I know...







[Jake is sitting on a couch reading a book (Euripides: Ten Plays). Amir is laying on the couch on his back but with his legs over the back of the couch.]



(Amir grabs Jake's book out of his hand and spins around to be sitting normally on the couch while delivering his line.)



AMIR: Ah, let's think, I've had about like nine New Year's Resolutions, and kept.. none of 'em?



JAKE: [Are] You bragging?



AMIR: Well usually I have more and keep.. none of them, so I feel like this is an improvement.



JAKE: Well percentage-wise it's still the same.



(Amir thinks, then looks puzzled and fans his face with Jake's book.)



AMIR: How do you figure?



JAKE: This is why I can't talk to you, okay? Ten seconds in, and we've hit a wall. You need a basic un--



(Amir puts his finger to Jake's lips.)



JAKE: Don't touch my lips, please--



AMIR: Talk is.. cheap.



JAKE: Okay, yeah, you ha--



AMIR: New year, new rule, you can't make fun of me--(he pukes on the floor, making a BLUUUEEAHHH sound)--if, and ONLY if,--



JAKE: No, no-w-what the fuck was that?!



AMIR: You don't make fun of me,--



JAKE: No, no, you just puked on the floor.



AMIR: (puzzled) Oohhhhkaayy?



(Jake looks at Amir, equally puzzled.)



AMIR: ...Anyway,--



JAKE: No, not anyway, you have to clean it up.



AMIR: (Sarcastic) Clean what up, my PUKE?



JAKE: ..Yeah...



AMIR: (Slight laugh.) Let's just agree to--(pukes on the floor a second time, making the same noise as before)--to disagree.



JAKE: Oh my God, you're so unheal--(Amir sneezes in Jake's face)--OAH! (pause) What the F*** IS WRONG WITH YOU?



AMIR: You're overreacting!



JAKE: I'm adequately reacting; you just sneezed puke into my face, okay, how do you want me to react?



AMIR: God bless you, for one. Okay how many times have I sneezed since you got here, man, you--



JAKE: I don't count.



AMIR: THAT'S.. your problem!



JAKE: There's puke on your chin.



AMIR: ...That's my problem.



END.

													

														INTRO



Amir: In west Philadelphia we were raised-



Jake (interrupting): Stop.



Amir: You will let me finish.







Jake: (singing under breath while walking to soda machine)



Amir: (joins in singing from inside vending machine)



Jake: Woah! Dude, dude. Wow, oh my god. You're in the vending machine.



Amir: Wow, Sherlock Hays deduced another miracle. Ah, congratulations, genius, you figured it out.



Jake: You're insulting my intelligence while you're stuck in the vending machine.



Amir: Yes.



Jake: Ok. How did this happen?



Amir: How 'bout 'Hi, how are you doing, how are you doing today, ok, because-



Jake (interrupting): How long have you been back there?



Amir: Barely two days.



Jake: Two day?!



Amir: Well, is it Saturday?



Jake: It's Monday!



Amir: Oh. (chuckle) That explains why people are at work today. It's like 'Who works on a Saturday? Go home!' (chuckle) You know, you workaholics. Time flies!



Jake: Does time fly?



Amir: No. It's crawling. I'm really, really cramped.



Jake: Ok, so not to harp on this, but how did this happen? Why?



Amir: Abridged version?



Jake: Sure.



Amir: I don't know.



Jake: Ok, long version.



Amir: Leron told me there was money in here.



Jake: Gotcha. So the abridged version is a lie.



Amir: Oh. Yeah. Look, do you want something or not?



Jake: I was gonna get a Dr. Pepper, but now I should probably go and get you help.



Amir: No n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n no no! Are you crazy? Don't be silly. One Dr. Pepper coming up on me, the vending machine man.



Jake (shouting over the sound of Amir hitting the machine and talking): It's fine! It's fine! I don't want it! Just stop! Stop! Stop! I'll buy my own Dr. Pepper, I'll buy it, ok? Are you happy? Here.



Amir: (screams after dollar is put in the machine) Oh oh oh! The machine is murdering me!



Jake: Oh, no! No no no no! Oh my god Amir, I'm so sorry! Oh no no.



Amir: Oh my god! My ribs! My sides! My thighs are burning!



Jake: Oh my god, oh no no no no no it's blood. Um, so, are you ok?



Amir: (starts singing Waking Up In Vegas in a pained, muffled tone)



Jake: (joins in) Ok, that's good. Keep on singing, keep on singing, I'll be right back. I'm gonna get help 







OUTRO



Pat: Soda pop: the final frontier. These are the beverages



Amir: NERD!



Pat: (hits the vending machine in surprise) Oh my god, Amir?!

													

														INTRO Amir - Hey, hey! I'm Jake and you're watching Jake and Amir.



Jake - You're not Jake. 



Amir - Why not??







(Jake and David are having lunch)



DAVID: All right, so I kick her in the mouth, and go 'here's the three dollars I owe you, the tooth fairy will give you fifteen, keep the change'. 



JAKE: Wow! That's awesome!



DAVID: There is blood everywhere, her teeth were all over the desk. 



JAKE: Ha! Dude, ex-girlfriends are the worst! 



DAVID: Bro, the worst! Come here! 



JAKE: There you go. You're a good guy, David. Do you know that? 



DAVID: Hey, call me Dave. My friends call me Dave. 



JAKE: Cool. All right, yeah.



DAVID: So I've got a question, guy to guy.  



JAKE: Uh-huh?



DAVID: What's the- What's the deal with Amir?



JAKE: Geez, man. He's so stupid. Why, what did he do to you?



DAVID: No, I like him. I think he's really funny.



JAKE: Me too. I like him. He's funny. We get along. Me and Amir like--



(Amir enters)



AMIR: Sup? 



JAKE: Not too much, dude. Just finishing lunch with the new guy, Dave. 



(Amir sits next to David)



DAVE: There he is. 



AMIR: Really? If you're eating lunch, then why is there no food on the table?



JAKE: I said we finished eating lunch.



AMIR: Finished eating lunch.  OK, that makes sense then.



(David laughs) 



DAVID: Classic. So good.



AMIR: (confused) I'm classic. Yeah, I'm so good. 



DAVID: So funny. All right guys, got a question, guy to guy to guy. 



AMIR: To guy. 



JAKE: That's three guys he said--



AMIR: Three guys. 



DAVID: What's the deal with Sarah? 



JAKE: What do you mean? 



AMIR: Jake is in lov--



JAKE: Lottery school! Jake is in lottery school. I'm in lottery school. 



DAVID: As well as being in love with her? 



(Amir and David laugh)



JAKE: (joins laughing) Yeah, I didn't cut him early enough, did I? Lottery school! 



DAVID: Yeah, I'm probably still going to go for her. 



JAKE: (laughs) . . . What?



DAVID: Yeah, I mean if you haven't tapped it by now, it's probably never going to happen so, you know, I'm going to dive right in there.   



JAKE: Wow, you are--



DAVID: Eat that right up. (chuckles)



JAKE: You're serious then? Cool.  



DAVID: Yeah.



AMIR: Yeah. 



JAKE: So you're uh, you're just going to go for it. 



DAVID: I'll probably show her my motorcycle, let her ride that thing. Girls get wet for that stuff!



AMIR: (laughing) You're thinking of a slip n' slide, but girl do get wet for that.



DAVID: (chuckles) Slip 'n slide. That good! How do you not love him? 



(Sarah enters) 



SARAH: Hey, Dave.



JAKE: HEY SARAH!



SARAH: Uh, did you guys eat lunch? 



AMIR and JAKE: Yeah.



DAVID: Nope. (tosses the bagel he was holding at Jake) 



SARAH: OK, do you want to go eat with me?



DAVID: Uh, let me think about it. F**k yeah. (to Jake) Come here. 



JAKE: Fine, whatever. 



SARAH: All right, let's go! 



DAVID: Hey, Sarah. Got a question for you, guy to girl. 



SARAH: Yeah? 



DAVID: What do you think about motorcycles? 



SARAH: Oh my god, are you serious?



(David and Sarah leave)



AMIR: (chuckles) My boy is getting frenched TONIGHT!



JAKE: Shut up!



AMIR: How do you not love me?



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FA1-o0K3pg0

													

														INTRO Amir - Hey! You're watching Jake and Amir and David. Woo! I'm feeling good!



David - Classic.







(Amir and Jake are at their desks)



AMIR: Have you noticed Sarah and Dave have been at lunch for like, four hours already?



JAKE: Yes. Yes. Yes. 



AMIR: Isn't that longer than a usual lunch? Because you usually don't take lu--



JAKE: Shut up.



(Sarah and David enter. David is giving her a piggy-back ride and lies her down on Jake's desk then turns to lean over her) 



JAKE: Oh. 



DAVID: (to Sarah) Hey, you.



SARAH: Hi.



DAVID: I like your bangs.



SARAH: I like you.



(David motions for Jake to wiggle his fingers with him) 



JAKE: No. OK, no. I like working. You know, why don't you take this somewhere else? 



DAVID: Didn't see you there, Jake. 



(Sarah gets off Jake's desk to go back to her own)



AMIR: (chuckles) Hey, Dave. Nose candy tomorrow at lunch?



DAVID: You know it!



JAKE: What's that? What's nose candy?



AMIR: Me and Dave snort sugar at lunch and it makes us happy for a little time and then we sort of flatten out and get a little depressed. 



JAKE: Sugar?



DAVID: It's cocaine, dad. Relax.



JAKE: You guys do cocaine during work?!



AMIR: What's cocaine?



DAVID: (chuckles) How do you not love this guy?



JAKE: No, you're taking advantage of him, man!



DAVID: All right, he's a grown man, man. He can make his own decisions.



JAKE: Really?  Grown man? Look at him right now!



(Amir is leaned back in his chair, 'sleeping', with a cowboy hat on his face and the Amir and Jake puppets in his lap)



AMIR: (muffled) I don't want to hug you, grandma. 



DAVID: Jake, I thought we were getting along.



JAKE: Yeah, I thought so too, David.



DAVID: Hey. Call me Dave, my friends call me Dave.



JAKE: I was making a point. 



DAVID: Fine! (David leaves to go back to his desk)



(Jake stands up)



JAKE: And I know that you don't have a motorcycle!



DAVID: Yeah, I do. 



JAKE: Do you?



SARAH: Yeah, we went for a ride on it earlier. 



JAKE: OK. Went out on a limb there. Didn't really pan out. Sorry about that. Cool. Like a Harley or--?



DAVID: Yeah, Harley. (David sits at his desk) 



JAKE: Davidson, that's nasty. That is cool, man. Umm, sweet, sweet, sweet. (calling after David) Still shouldn't do drugs though! That's messed up. Umm, tell you what. We'll flip a coin right now, heads - you guys keep up doing your stupid little nose candy stuff, tails - you never do drugs again. 



(flips the coin and it falls on the floor, Jake bends over to grab it and smacks his head against his desk)



JAKE: (dazed) AH! Ah! Ah!  Umm, OK, it's on, I think it was on heads but it flipped . . . I-I-I will uh, which one was which again? 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWg4ljeZTU8

													

														Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: I'm still in the room, okay?



Jake: ...Yup.







Amir: T, U, V, W, X, Y, und... Z! Z, Z, Z, Z, Z. Z, Z, Z, Z!



Jake: GreatYes, I got it! Great job, man. Maybe next time you start



Amir: Start before T? Okay, don't even think about it; you know I'm dyslexic.



Jake: You're not dyslexic.



Amir: Lazy.



Jake: You're illiterate.



Amir: Cute.



Jake: Illiterate.



Amir: Ah!



Jake: No! No, I know what that look is; you just convinced yourself that I said you were cute, and not illiterate.



Amir: I will take you calling me cute over illiterate... every day, okay?



Jake: Any day, and I know you'd take that. I'm not giving it, okay? I didn't say you were cute. [Amir dances rapidly in seat.] No, what is that? Do you think I'm singing you a very fast-paced song?



Amir: Techno.



Jake: Okay, you know what, forget it. I'mwow, do you see this email?



Amir: What's up?



Jake: Did you see it, or are you asking what's up?



Amir: _____, I'm looking for it now.



Jake: We're moving offices.



Amir: (gasps) Holy moving, Batmat!



Jake: Did you say, Batmat?



Amir: No...



Jake: Okay, it is a big deal, all right? It's gonna be a totally different office.



Amir: Oh my god, a totally different office? Oh no, it won't be the same office! (dramatically fakes crying)



Jake: Your commute might be a lot longer!



Amir: (gasps) My commute? WHY? Oh god, why is my commute gonna be longer? It's gonna be cold; I'm gonna need a scarf! [Jake: Okay.] Where do I get a scarf?



Jake: Forget it! The one upside to this is maybe I won't have to sit next to you anymore.



Amir: OH NOh.. no! Really? What? Why not? Where would youwhere would you sit?



Jake: Are you actually crying now?



Amir: I don't know.



THE END



EPISODE LINK



I can't quite approximate what Amir says here... Homa?

													

														Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir



Amir: Robert De Niro!



Jake: Are you trying to convince people he's here?



Amir: I don't know...







Amir: I can't believe we're moving in together.



Jake: Do you know what this move's about?



Amir: It's about.. the rest of our lives.



Jake: No, we're moving offices.



Amir: We're moving each other.



Jake: Technically, but just offices.







Amir: Oh my gosh, it's a draft of the first letter I ever wrote you.



Jake: I remember that. My second day here. It was pretty creepy.



Amir: Read it?







Amir: Remember when Grandpa built this place?



Jake: Don't force it.



Amir: (simultaneously) Force it.



Jake: Don't force it.



Amir: Yeah... I won't force it.







Jake: What up, bitch? I'm the class clown here.



Amir: Yeah...







Amir: Shhh... (pulls out gun)



Jake: Dude, no, no



[Amir drops gun.]



Guy: AHH!



Jake: OhOH MY GOD!







Jake: What are some of your favorite words? Mine might match up. Your jeans fit you insanely well, and your attitude is ridiculously cool.



Amir: (simultaneously) Cool.



Jake: Yeah...







Amir: Whoa. I just realized something. If this office burns down, we won't have to move.



Jake: That's the opposite of true.



Amir: (snaps) Get the kerosene.



Jake: No, it's not true



Amir: GET THE KERO







Jake: You're just like the ocean under the moon. It's the same as the emotion that I get fromYeah, you just, like, kinda transcribed Rob Thomas for a while there.



Amir: Yeah... The song was popular at the time.



Jake: It wasn't...







Amir: (wipes hands) I think I'm done! Packing-wise.



Jake: (holds up Jake puppet) This is the only thing you have in here.



Amir: ? It's my Jake in a box! ?



Jake: Just don't.







Amir: Oh my god, remember when we got this?



Jake: Those are Sarah's scissors; she bought them yesterday.



Amir: Okay, I'm gonna put 'em in my box, though.



Jake: Okay, no, Sarah! Sarah



Amir: (makes noises over Jake) NARK!







Amir: You know what? Let's stay.



Jake: How do you think that's up to you?



Amir: Okay, you know what? Let's go. (picks up box to leave)



Jake: Still not up to you, but... (follows Amir)



[Shot of Jake and Amir's empty desks fades to black.]



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, and I just ate a sock.



Jake: Why'd you do that?



Amir: I(gags) I don't know...







Amir: (eating sandwich) You know, new office: not so bad!



Jake: Nope.



Amir: Free sandwiches in the fridge are pretty chill.



Jake: Yeah, those aren't free; those are people's lunches.



Amir: Well, free for the taking.



Jake: So you're aware you're stealing them?



Amir: ...Fat-free.



Jake: Okay, I should probably get back to work.



Amir: Yeah, well, you already are at work, okay? You dumbfuck.



Jake: Hey, hey, hey! New office, right? We probably shouldn't be yelling stuff like that out loud.



Amir: Well, you wanna yell as much as you want?



Jake: No.



Amir: Well, I was gonna say if you did, you should probably come visit my side of the office for once, okay? 



Jake: Okay, well, I said I didn't want to do that so it's not an issue.



Murph: Uh, hey, man... Um, back from the bathroom, so...



Amir: Yeah... Uh... Oh, please, sir! Give me five more minutes! I do declare! (laughs) Please give me five more minutes with Jake. Thank you.



Murph: Uh, yeah, mItIt has been five minutes; it's been, like, fifteen minutes actually. Uh, I should probably get back to work.



Amir: Yeah... Okay, fine. (to Jake, talking low) Hey, there's no way in hell you like working with this guy more than you like working next to me.



Jake: Definitely hear you... He'sYou're closer to him than you are to me.



Amir: (walks away, talking loudly) Okay! Then I'm off to my side of the office where everybody has fun! And all the cool people are! (goes back to desk, looking around, then snaps) All right, everybody! Listen up: five-minute work break, starting... a-now! Get up! (claps) GetHey! That's an order! Get up! Stand up! Stand on your chNo, you know what! (leaps on desk) STAND ON YOUR DESK! HUH? Let's have fun for once! (laughs) Come on! (claps to rhythm) Hey! Hey! Come on! All right, this is an old-fashioned Blumenfeld family fuckfest! Let's do this! Hey, don't be shy! I want everybody! (pointing) You, you! (points to Amanda) Okay, we got one brave soul right here! (climbs over desk as Amanda gets up to leave) Comin' up! One time! Now we're havin' fun! (embraces Amanda, then pushed away forcefully) Okay. (awkwardly shuffles back to desk) Does anyone have the wireless? ...Password? (silence) ...Got it.



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														Amir: (in an English accent) Hello, hello, you are watching Jake and Amir.



Jake: Just do it in a normal voice.



Amir: ...FRINE.







Amir: (makes loud buzzer noise) Time's up! That, my friends, is the sound of the pizza train.. leaving the kitchen.. station.. area. All right, one last time, hands up. How many slices do you guys want? Put your fingerslet me see the fingers in the air so I can see them. Zero? Zero, zero? Okay, so that'slet's doI'll dOkay, so I'm gonna eat all these by myself, but we're splitting the cost eight-ways. (laughs) Nah, just kidding. What? (expecting response)



[Jake walks in with papers.]



Amir: (smiling) Oh no! Okay! (laughs) Sound the alarms, you guys! Here comes the enemy; I see an intruder! We got him on our sight! Uh oh! (makes gun with hands) Hey, put your hands up where I can see! Freeze, sucka!



Jake: (puts hands up) Don't shoot; I came to give these to Marina. [Pause, then Amir pretend shoots Jake with accompanying sound effects.] Okay, fine. (to Marina, starting to explain papers) Um..



Amir: (laughing) Guys, I am messing with you, okay? You wonder where I get it from? (pointing to Jake) This is the guy right here; this is the man.



Jake: Okay, thank you. (to Marina) Um, so I printed this from the new printer; it's over.. by the conference room.



Amir: (enters shot) Allo! (laughs) Hey Marina, you wonder where I get it from? This is the guy, right here. Yeah.



Jake: (simultaneously) Right here, yeah. You already said that.



Amir: Okay, well, I'm talking, and nobody says a fucking word to me so I don't know if they can understand what I'm saying.



Jake: Just go back to your desk. Right now. Please.



Amir: I'm going. (laughs)



Jake: Thank you.



Amir: I get it. You need space.



Jake: Yep.



Amir: Yep. Distance.



Jake: Distance.



Amir: From point A from point B.



Jake: Yeah.



Amir: You don't want me up in your grill! (quickly embraces Jake)



Jake: (pushes Amir away) Get.. off of me.



Amir: That's fine.



Jake: Get off of me.



Amir: I'm going!



Jake: You sound like you're going, but you're still standing here. So I don't know what to think.



Amir: I just haveI just don't understand how you're gonna do any work... without a PEN! (grabs Marina's shirt pocket and rips it) AHHOH... Um... This isOkay, hey... No, um... (clicks pen) Number one: This isI am sorry, 'cause this is totally.. on me. It's my bad comploodle. Uh, two: Blessing in disguise? I don't know, 'cause this shirt, IMHO, was.. a littleIt didn't fit you well.. specifically.



Marina: It was my grandfather's.



Amir: It was your grandfather's.



Marina: YEAH.



Amir: Yeah... That's what I was gonna say. It was too... (rips fabric) ah, too big. Let meOkay... (rips more) Ah! We're gonna alter it, and then.. let me make it up to you. Pizza, on me? You're still paying! (laughs) No... We'll go dutch.



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO Amir - Hey, this isn't Amir and you're not wat- err, uhh, damn it, I lost track.







(Amir and Ricky are in Ricky's office)



AMIR: So the surgery was this morning? 



RICKY: This morning.  The doctor said I probably shouldn't even come in. 



AMIR: Yeah!



RICKY: Workaholic. 



AMIR: What does that mean? 



RICKY: It's like I work a lot. 



(Jake enters)



AMIR: Bonjour. 



JAKE: OK, you know what? No! No. I know what this is about; he called me seven times in the past few days to come in here and talk about switching desks and I'm not doing it! I'm not going to switch desks.  I don't want to be near you. I don't want to be near Amir, not in work, not outside of work. I want some time apart. Which is sad for me to have to say because it sounds like we're going out or something. We need space. 



RICKY: So Motorola is flying Amir to the big football game in Miami, and I told him he could bring somebody; he chose you. 



JAKE:  (taking a seat by Ricky) I . . . I accept. 



RICKY: I totally understand. Amir, choose somebody else. 



JAKE: Pshhh, it's fine, I'll go. We'll- I'll go to the game, so. 



AMIR: I thought you said you didn't want to spend any time with me inside the office. 



JAKE: Inside the office.   



AMIR: Or outside of it. 



JAKE: Yeah!  Oh my god! You guys thought I was serious?  You are the weakest links, goodbye. 



AMIR: So you do want to come to Miami with me? 



JAKE: Yeah. Yeah I do. 



AMIR: And you do want to see across from me at work? 



JAKE: Yeah . . . yeah, buddy. God, I'd love to sit across fr-- you know what? You know what the problem is? Murph, the guy across from me now, total buzz kill, he doesn't want to switch. It's ridiculous! But when is our flight though? To Miami?



RICKY: Jake, if Amir wants to take you to Miami, you'll go--



JAKE: (grabbing for Ricky's arm) Don't make me twist your arm!



RICKY: OW! Oh my god! I just had surgery on this shoulder this morning!



JAKE: This morning?! God, I had no-- wow, I really had no idea. Look, can we just go, can we just go to Miami, sir? 



RICKY: Just get the hell out of my office. 



JAKE: Can we go? 



RICKY: Yeah. 



JAKE: Aww, sick son (high pitched) Motorola is sending us to Miami!



AMIR: Let's get lunch right now and talk about--



JAKE: Whoa, no. Get away from me. I can't have lunch with you. But I'll meet you at the airport! The Miami airport. Unless my (singsong) flight gets in before yours, in which case I will see you at the hotel, motel, Holiday Inn. At the-- All right, see you at the hotel, baby. 



(Jake goes to leave the office)



AMIR: Hey, OK, maybe--(Jake opens the door on Amir's face)



JAKE: Oh! Man! . . . I have to get swim trunks. 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sP4RRuf8zBM

													

														Intro

Amir: Hey it's Amir and you're watching jake and amir and

Jake: Why are you crying?

Amir: I don't know







Jake: right we got an interview with an actual NFL player. His name is Chris Cooley, He plays tight end for the redskins.



Amir: Ok, that sounds pretty cooley to me



Jake: yeah don't. are you gonna tell that joke in there?



Amir: Amongst others



Jake: Yeah so let me do the talking, K



Amir: let me do the hard hitting questions



Jake: Well his wife in there so let's try to keep the questions..



Amir: HARDHITTING



Amir: (screaming) Jake, Jake this is crazy!



Amir: Caryons or colored pencils?



Chris:Colored pencils



Amir: WHat?



Chris: i like the

scene cuts to amir getting slammed into wall



Amir:AHH



Chris: (Bleep) You little cocksucker



Amir:I don't know what that means (Crying) I'm so afraid



back to interviewing



Amir: Favorite Los Angeles Ram, in order



Amir on Chris' back



Chris: you little prick, i'm a break your neck



Amir: I wanna die, no please



Back to interview



Amir: What's it like to be on a team with such a losing record? Does it 

weigh on you, all the L's and none of the W's



Wife: gasps



Amir getting destroyed



Amir: I can't breath



Wife: (claps) choke him to death honey



Chris: you're about to die



Back to interview



Amir: Cuz you're, a lot of people think that you're the worst player on the worst team.



Back to amir getting destroyed



Amir: I'm gonna die



Back to interview



Amir: Because you can't, can't block and you can't catch. And those are pretty much two big pieces of the puzzle right there



Amir thrown on bed



Amir: Ow (Muffled screaming)



Interview



Amir: I feel like, ok, let's talk about your life. you do a lot of great great stuff off the field but i feel like sometimes you embarrass your family and friends by taking naked pictures of yourself and putting them on the internet! I'm sorry everyone was talking about it



Jake:Oh no



Chris: Excuse



Back to amir on bed and chris jumping onto him



Amir: muffled screams



Amir: You know, oh it's great that your here. I wanted to ask you what 

it's like to be married to such a loser.



jake: hey



Chris: listen you little bleep



Amir:hey, what the hell man



Wife: screams





Cuts to scene with all of them on bed*





Amir: so,you pumped about Mike Shanahan coming in or?

													

														INTRO Amir - You're a lousy friend, and a terrible singer and I hate you! I--



Jake - We're recording! We're recording. 



Amir- Are we? Hello...







(in the conference room at the end of a meeting, ten employees present)



JEFF: All right! That's some good ideas, good brainstorming, everybo--



AMIR: W-wait, I have a few video ideas. 



JAKE: We just asked everybody if they had any other ideas and you didn't say anything.



AMIR: Yeah, but that's because brainstorming is not about listening.



JAKE: It's not not about listening. 



AMIR: All right, listen up! We reanimate The Little Mermaid.



ADAM(?): Nobody else stood up when they pitched ideas.



AMIR: In 2D.



JAKE: It was in 2D.



AMIR: In 1D then. Huh? 







(Amir is now pacing around the table) 



AMIR: All right, the voice actor who plays Tony the Tiger thinks everything is 'Grrreat'!



SARAH: Yeah, good idea.  I pitched that 20 minutes ago.



AMIR: Yeah, it went over pretty well. Didn't it?



SARAH: Yeah. 



AMIR: BITCH! 







AMIR: (holding a yogurt) It's a commercial for yogurt.



PAT: What's the joke?



AMIR: You're the joke, if you don't like this rich yogurt. (takes a spoonful and then spits it out) I don't like it. 







AMIR: Few song parody ideas. (sings) They tried to make me sign on G-chat and I said yo, yo, yo. (pause, continues singing) I've got an orange, fruit, that tonight's going to be a good night. 







AMIR: All right, it's a frat house, but it's in 3900 B.C., what?!



CALDWELL(?): Oh. That's kind of cool, so it's like campus Greeks versus ancient Greeks.



AMIR: No, mine takes place in Rome and that's completely non-negotiable. So. 







AMIR: Wow. I'm bleeding.







AMIR: What if roosters had watches? Haha, I think it would go a little something like this: clock-a-doodle-doooo. (pause) Swing and a miss from Blumenfeld. Ha. Get off the stage butt-head. Nah, that was a good idea. 







(Amir is by Kevin) 



AMIR: You know how sometimes people just forget how to eat? 



KEVIN: Nope.



AMIR: OK. 







(Amir is standing behind Jake) 



AMIR: All right, one more, and Jake is already on board with this one in a major way.  



JAKE: I'm not. 



AMIR: Well, you haven't even heard it yet.



JAKE: Which is why I'm not on board. You are very close to me, man. 







(Amir singing the beginning tune of Bad Romance and pans out to show everyone has left but Jake)



AMIR: La-la-oh-la-la. Ro-ma-ro-ma-ma. Ga-ga-oh-la-la, want your good orange. 



JAKE: Can we go?



AMIR: Yes. 



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlZ8oiXv0y8

													

														[Jake and Amir are sitting on the couch.]



AMIR: (rapping) Yo yo yo, we wanna say, thank you, from the bottom of our heart, from the start, make--



JAKE: (as Amir raps) Ok let's not thank them in a rap. Let's not thank them in a rap.



AMIR: (still rapping) True dat, uh uh uh, why you do dat?



JAKE: Stop it.







JAKE: We want to thank you guys so much for donating.



AMIR: Hah, donating money maybe.



JAKE: No, donating money exactly.



AMIR: Exactly.







[Jake is now holding an acoustic guitar]



AMIR: And now the real reason you donated money: a song.



JAKE: And the only way I could convince Amir to do this. Ok.



(Jake starts playing Torn by Natalie Imbruglia)



AMIR: (singing) I thought I saw a man brought to life...







JAKE: Every little bit makes a difference.



AMIR: ...How? (laughs)



(Jake looks at Amir like he's the idiot)



AMIR: Don't look at me like I'm the idiot, you said the stupid thing this time!







AMIR: (singing) He was a warm, he came around, and he was dignified...







AMIR: Every time I donate, it feels- like,, it feels like to me,, like you know how-- alright, so like, when you go clothing fsh-, err sh-, shopping for groc- alright... focus.



JAKE: Yeah, focus.







AMIR: Now, if you donated more than twenty dollars, please click below to activate a special Jake and Amir joke, seen onl--



JAKE: What are you doing? How are you gonna do that?



AMIR: We'll figure something out--



JAKE: We'll figure it out?



AMIR: We'll do-- we can do it in post, right?



(The camera shakes back and forth, as if it were shaking its head no)



AMIR: That's a yes.







[Jake is now singing backup with Amir]



AMIR: (singing) Don't seem to know, seem to care, what your heart is for...







[Amir is on his phone]



JAKE: By working toge- you know, I just feel like it's really really insincere if you're doing that--



AMIR: I know I know I know I know, I'm just, I'm on my Google Reader thing



JAKE: Ok what's that, what is that--



AMIR: It's like an RSS aggregator.



JAKE: What does that do?



AMIR: I can get.. funny pictures and stuff on here.



JAKE: Can you please put it down?







AMIR: (singing passionately) There's just so many things, that I am searching for! (Jake joins in on backing vocals) I'm all out of faith, this is how I feel...







AMIR: Some people are donating money, other people are donating time...



JAKE: What are you donating?



AMIR: Nothing, and that's okay--



JAKE: It's not.



AMIR: I know, it's not. Which is why I'm.. gonna donate money.



JAKE: Ok. Do it.



AMIR: Ok, I will.



JAKE: Out with the wallet.



AMIR: Out with the wallet in with the n-- Out with the wallet in with the new.



JAKE: Take away- take out your wallet.







[Jake is singing backing vocals]



AMIR: (singing) I'm wide awake and I can see the perfect sky is torn. (Jake stops singing) You're a little late, I'm already tornnnnn...







JAKE: Joking aside, we really do appreciate your donation. I know not everyone has a lot to give, but if we--



(Amir makes a farting noise with his mouth)



JAKE: (to Amir) ...Come on. Right? Come on.



AMIR: Come on.



JAKE: Joking aside,--



(Amir makes another fart noise)







AMIR: (singing) Oooooohhhh... ahhhyyeeaaaaahhhh... (Jake hits the final chord)



JAKE: (breaking character) That sounded kinda good at the end, you were really on.



(Amir breaks character and laughs)



END

													

														INTRO:



AMIR (high pitched): Hi, my name is Jake and you're watching my best friend and me do comedy videos.



VIDEO:



(Jake and Amir are sitting down in the office)



AMIR: OK! Focus please, we only have an hour to do this.



JAKE: You're just repeating what I said, OK, that's not helpful.



AMIR: OK, you know what else isn't helpful? The tickle monster!



(AMIR raises his hand to tickle JAKE)



JAKE: If you tickle me I'm gonna punch you in the head.



AMIR (going into tickle JAKE): Aah!



(JAKE swings to punch AMIR, who dodges his punch)



AMIR: Hoho! Swing and a-



(JAKE swings again, this time he punches AMIR in the nose)



AMIR: Aah!



JAKE: Sorry.



AMIR (holding his nose): Dang it!



JAKE: Yeah.



AMIR: You got me that time.



(AMIR's phone starts to ring)



JAKE: Gotcha.



AMIR (pulling phone out of pocket): Ooh, snap--

(AMIR reads phone, takes hand off nose)

I gotta get this.



JAKE: Take it. It's fine.



AMIR (getting up): I shall be right back.



(The phone starts to ring again. AMIR goes to try and tickle JAKE again. JAKE swings to punch AMIR but he jumps back in time)



AMIR: (Laughing) Oh, I'm sorry. You. Are. Too. Slooow. (Laughs)



(AMIR walks into side room and closes door)



AMIR (yelling, crying): Noooo! No! No! No! No! No! (Cries) Why!



(JAKE sits outside, looking uncomfortable)



AMIR (breaking down): I can't have this! Not today! (Cries) I love you so much! (Cries) Please, please call be back! Why! Why, why, why!



(AMIR instantly regains composure, he opens the door and returns to JAKE)



AMIR: Sup!



JAKE: Is everything OK?



AMIR: Yes! (Rapping) Let's get down to business, I don't got a (inaudible) Hell yeah! (laughs)



(AMIR's phone rings again, AMIR groans)



AMIR: Sorry! Again.



JAKE: Fine, get it.



AMIR (walking away): BRB, in the Middle E. I shall be right back. I will call you back mother-fucker.



JAKE: I told you it was okay.



(AMIR closes door)



AMIR (yelling): You are not getting a dime of this money! Not. One. Dime! Understood?



(JAKE is sitting outside blocking his ears)



AMIR: I have killed before, I will kill again, that is not the issue! Call me!



(AMIR instantly regains composure and returns outside)



AMIR: Bonjour madame. (Laughs)



JAKE: Uh, madame is girl. I really- I can just finish this up on my own.



AMIR: No? What? Nonsense!



(AMIR's phone rings)



AMIR (growing angry): Oh my gosh!



(Pause as AMIR considers something)



AMIR (calmly): I'm blowing up.



JAKE: Yeah.



AMIR (singing to the tune of Get the Party Started): I'm blowing up so you better get the party started.



(JAKE joins in at the end)



AMIR (still singing): I'm blowing up, I'm blowing. (Laughs)



JAKE: Go ahead.



(AMIR closes the door and answers the phone)



(AMIR starts yelling in what sounds like a mixture of Hebrew and English)



AMIR: Nie! Nie you! You are over, you understand me? (Maniacal laughter)



(AMIR starts screaming and jumping around before regaining composure and opening the door)



AMIR: Uh. (Knocks on door, laughs) Hey, I'm gonna have to take off a little bit early today-



JAKE: Yeah yeah that's fine.



AMIR: Ok.

													

														[INTRO]



Amir: I'm Amir and this is Jake and he has got some things to say--



Jake: No I don't.



Amir: Okay.







Amanda: Hey, Will...



Will: Yep.



Amanda: Did you go to see Valentine's Day this week?



Will: Yes.



Amanda: So good!



Will: It was amazing.



Amir: SHHH, guys! Right now just don't say anything, okay? I never ask you for anything, so be quiet. Thank you. Sorry.



Will: [whispering] So good.



Amanda: Julia Roberts? Such a fox. Such a fox!



Amir: Would you stop, okay?! You guys are going to blow my spot, okay? I'm trying to do this undercover thing and it's not really working out--



Jake: [on Amir's monitor] Yo, man.



Amir: No, ma'am... to you. What it is, kid? J. Skrill in the house.



Jake: Not much, dude. I'm just super creeped out right now.



Amir: Why? What did that-- what did that creep-o Murph do this time?



Jake: Oh, not much. Just set up this iChat thing to watch me while I work.



Amir: [with feigned disgust] Ahh! Gross!



Jake: Yeah. Only it wasn't Murph. It was you.



Amir: Was it? No. You know what? Can-- you know, me and Murph should just switch desks for permanent and then we can discuss this -- instead of over iChat -- in person. Like two civilized ladies... I do declare.



Jake: K. Look, I'm not trying to be mean, okay, it's just a fact: Switching desks is not going to happen, okay? Get used to it.



Amir: Good! You know what? I'm happy because I am getting used to it. I'm getting used to working with people that like me, okay? God forbid I work with my friends for once, huh? You know, you're just jealous. Aren't you? AREN'T YOU?! AREN'T YOU?!!



Marena: Shut up! Okay?! I mean, we've been trying to ignore you but that's clearly not working. The fact is: Nobody here likes you. We hate you! You groped Amanda. You ripped my shirt. I don't know why or how you still have a job, but please just be quiet and leave us alone. Please.



[entire office clapping]



Amir: [to Jake on the monitor] Hey, um, sorry, uh, you couldn't hear or see that but what happened was I did a backflip and people were so impressed, they applauded me.



Jake: You were covering the lens, not the microphone.



Amir: Was it? Yeah. So, you missed my backflip then?



[Amir setting up his computer at the desk facing Jake]



Amir: Uh, so Murph just--



Jake: Murph just walked into Ricky's office and he said, Hey, I need to switch desks. I guess he had some friends over at the Busted Tees area that he missed.



Amir: I guess it's kinda like a blessing in disguise 'cause as much as I liked those guys and they liked me, sometimes they were getting on my nerves a little, so... I don't know. This might be better in the long run, 'cause--



Jake: [interrupting] I know.



Amir: Yeah.



Amir: Hey. Dinner tonight?



Jake: No.



[FALSE END]



Murph: Hey, what's up best work station ever?



[everyone chanting, Murph! Murph! Murph!]



[END]

													

														INTRO



JAKE: Hey, you're watching-



AMIR: Whoahwhoahwhoah let me guess. Cougartown.



JAKE: Wrong.



AMIR: Sexy.







AMIR: (scratches thighs and moans, in moany voice) My thighs are burning!



JAKE: Jesus!



AMIR: It looks like someone spilled a smoothie or something on my groin and knees.



JAKE: K, just try not to think about it, Ok, 'cause I don't wanna think about it.



AMIR: I'm trying not to think about it- Whoa. Your birthday's on a Monday.



JAKE: Ok. Is it?



AMIR: (chuckles) Kinda sucks, 'cause it's like, do you do something the Friday before? Or like, do you do it at a club? 



JAKE: I don't know, man, it's like six months away.



AMIR: No, haha, no! No, your birthday in 2011.



JAKE: Wow, so that's even worse.



AMIR: Is on a Monday, yeah. So I got this new calender thing, I'm just trying to fill 'er up.



JAKE: Fill 'er up through 2011?



AMIR: (laughs) I'm just gonna pencil in Friday and Saturday, that way if you want to do something, like a me-only thing on a Friday-



JAKE: (interrupting) Definitely not.



AMIR: We can do that and then on Saturday you can have, like, a, open it up to a bigger crew, we can go to, like a club, or like have a barty or something.



JAKE: A barty?



AMIR: Yeah, like a barty, like a bar-party-



JAKE: (while Amir is rambling) Party at a bar? Like you invite people to a bar-party?



AMIR: (rambling and mumbling barty nonsense)



JAKE: (while Amir is rambling) Ok, you know what, no, Amir! Hey. Hey, hey, hey look! look! look! I don't even know what I'm doing this year for my birthday!



AMIR: Oh, I do. (laughs)



JAKE: You do?



AMIR: Yes, well nothing is set in stone. I still have to call the mason. (laughs) No, but, um, I think we're taking a cruise. 



JAKE: Yeah, I think we're not.



AMIR: Yeah, I think we might be.



JAKE: We're definitely not.



AMIR: We are! Ok, and as soon as you find out where we're going, you're gonna be changing your tune.



JAKE: Where are we going?



AMIR: Unsure.



JAKE: Did you say that, knowing you didn't know where we were gonna go, when I asked you where we were gonna go?



AMIR: (confused face) What?



JAKE: I'm kinda confused too, let's just, let's just drop it.



AMIR: Deal. Let's just drop it. (singing) Drop it like it's hot, drop, drop it like it's hot.



JAKE: (quietly joining in) Drop it like it's hot.



AMIR: 2014, are you thinking a spring wedding? Because I'm looking at a bunch of bed-and-breakfast places, and, most of them are avail. Oh, scratch that. They all are. And speaking of scratching it. (moans and scratches thighs)



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														Intro



A: Hey Jake, it's Amir. Are we recording the intro thing yet?



Jake: How'd you get this number?



A: uhuh







Jake's phone rings, Jake picks up phone

Jake: What?



Amir: Wow, I'm gonna hang up and we're gonna try that again.



Jake: If you hang up and call me back I'm not gonna pick up.



Amir: Ar-r-r-r-right let's keep taking, I don't have time for this.



Jake: But you had time to call me again?



[Amir laughs]. 

Amir: You got me. You have me. 



Jake: Ok 



Amir: I'm yours. 



Jake: Stop it 



Amir: Wazzaaap?



Jake: Nothing



Amir: J-just walking to work myself



Jake: I didn't ask you



Amir: But, you picked up the phone when I called which is as good as



Jake: Nope



Amir: Better than



Jake: Definitely not



Amir: Either way, I'm just walking to work and was wonder- oh my god I think I just stepped on a bum!



Jake: A bum? Are you serious?



Amir: Oh my god! No you know I think it was a baby



Jake: Oh my god that's so much worse. You re-step- a baby?



Amir: Uh scratch that scratch that, I think it might just be a bag of trash. Jake!



Jake: How do you not know what it is?



Amir: Oh my, okay. Relax, it was a baby. Laughs



Jake: Oh my god



Amir: Any hootie in the blowfish, just wanted to know if you wanted any breakfast from the Ds as I'm walking by one, going out of my way I might add



Jake: Well it's 3pm so breakfast is pretty much off the table, right?



Amir: Well, if you wanted and chick nuggs or some QPCs just LMK



Jake: Do you think I understand what you're saying when you sound like that?



Amir pauses: Yezz



Jake: Dammit, you're right



Amir: Whoa, whoa, whoa, they have a new 60 piece meal?



Jake: Wow, don't care



Amir: Holla Cheryl, haha I'm good. How's Teresa and the kids? Haha good. Can I get 3 20 piece meals aaand  -



Jake: I don't want anything



Amir: I'm still thinking for me, ok? And another 4 piecer and let's throw another yoghurt parfait on the fryer, just cause I like the smell, thank you. Roberto! How are you doing dude? Yeah, Jake's fine, he's just being a little bitch man.



Jake: You know what, why don't you just not call me when you're walking to work? I have to talk to you when you get to work, so that's pretty much terrible to begin with.



[Amir appears in the office, carrying a McDonald's bag]

Amir: Hey! Yeah! Heard that whole thing, so thanks for that bro!

Jake: Yeah, I said it to you on the phone. How'd you get here so fast?



Amir is now on the floor asleep, shirtless, with the Jake and Amir puppets in his arms

Amir: (snort)- fast

													

														Jake: So you just click this button and it launches a video chat with a random person



Sarah: Oh man, that's really creepy



Jake: Yeah, and like one in every 5 people is just a dick



Sarah: Really?



Jake: It's awesome, Yeah



Jake looks away in disgust



Jake: Oh! Look, right of the bat



Sarah: Oh, gro...



Amir's voice comes from the computer



Amir: Jake?



Jake: No... no.. no..



Amir appears on screen



Amir: Jake dont-don't-don't-don't change it, don't change it, don't change it, don't change it, it's me, it's amir, look, look at my dick



Jake: I don't wannna look at it



Amir: I'm sorry. You are baaad



Amir grins



Sarah: What are you doing in there?



Amir: I could say the same thing for you, bitch



Jake: Yeah, except we're not the naked ones



Amir: I'm not naked either okay, I'm bottomless



Jake: What makes you think that's better?



Amir: Pants-less though



Jake: I know what it is



Sarah: Okay we... we saw your dick



Amir: Jake, a word



Jake: No!



Amir: It's just that ever since you've been hanging out with Sarah I feel like a little lef...



Jake: Did you hear me say 'no'?



Amir: Yeah, sorry, it's just that you always say no, after a while it starts to w...



Jake: Okay, you're not going to make me feel bad...



Sarah notices Amir's feet under the other side of the desk and point it out to Jake



Amir: ...yes every once in a while, okay, you...



Sarah: Hey Amir, where are you?



Amir: Home



Amir tucks his legs in



Jake: You sure about that?



Amir: Home is where the heart is... so... yeeaasss



Jake: Did you get that cake I left you on your desk?



Amir searches for the cake with his arm from under the desk



Jake: Okay. Okay Amir, buddy, the jig is up okay, we know you're under the desk



Amir: I'm not!



Jake: Okay now I just realised I heard your actual voice in here so I'm just gonna throw you some pants and you can cover yourself up, alright?



Amir is heard shuffling with the pants then appears with them over is head, still bottom-less



Amir: Thanks for this, now no one in the office will know the crazy naked person is actually me, Amir



Amir lifts the pants up from his head



Amir: Amir Blumenfeld that is

													

														Jake and Amir ep 314: Couch 

(Intro)

Jake: Hey you're watching Jake and Amir.

Amir: And what are you doing?

Jake: Recording the intro.

Amir: That's fair.

(Jake and Rosy talking)

*quite Jake: It's really easy you just; close your eyes, pucker your lips-

(Rosy does as jake says)

*quite Jake: Don't do it to me 

(Amir pops up behind a couch)

Amir: Hey Jake! Want anything from downstairs, Perhaps a pie?

Jake: Did you drag that couch over here?

Amir: Great idea, i will take the elevator.

(Amir mimes going down an elevator as he slowly hides behind the couch, he comes back up in the same manner)

Amir: So...

Jake: so where is the pie?

Amir: Who cares about the pie, you don't even care that i took the elevator!

Jake: I saw your head the entire time.

Amir: Alright fine i'll get your pie but this time i shall take "ze"[the] stairs.

(Amir mimes going down the stairs as he repeats "Oh!" ,in a mocking manner, every step he goes down. Until he falls over and repeats "Oh!" in pain)

Jake: Are you ok?

*In agony Amir: Yup.

Jake: Hurt your back?

*In agony Amir:  (chuckles) What? No.

*sarcastically Jake: You know it's actually really cool.

*In agony Amir: Really?

 *sarcastically Jake: Rosy wasn't that good?

*In agony Amir: I don't care what what little orphan rosy thinks! Rosy was it?

*sarcastically Rosy: Yeah you should actually take the escalator back up.

*sarcastically Jake: Yeah. That would be cool.

*In agony Amir: I think the escalator is broken 

*sarcastically Jake: Nah, no it would just be so cool and funny if you just took the escalator back up.

*In agony Amir:I think it's working again.

*sarcastically Jake: Is it?

*In agony Amir:I don't know you tell me?

(Amir get's up Screaming)

*In agony Amir: Yup.

*sarcastically Jake: You didn't bring a pie.

*In agony Amir: Here you go, One pie.  (Holding out his hand)

*sarcastically Jake: You weren't holding that in your hand when you came up 

*In agony Amir: Was i not?

*sarcastically Rosy: You weren't 

*sarcastically Jake: You should take the stairs back down. 

*sarcastically Rosy: Yeah. Two at a time.

*sarcastically Jake: Hell yeah, two at a time that would be really ace.

(Jake falls screaming) (Rosy and Jake laugh)

  *sarcastically Jake: Hey take the trampoline back up, just jump as high as you can. Then we'll go to my apartment and do the "elevator, escalator" and the "stairs" all night man we could hang out.

*In agony Amir: Really?

 *sarcastically Jake: As long as you can as long as you'd handle that.

(Amir get's up fine, healthy)

Amir: Let's do it (claps) I'll get my bag.(Leaves)

Rosy: He's getting smarter.

Jake: Yeah



END 

													

														[Intro]



Amir: [mumbling] Hey you're watching Jake and Amir



Jake: Wow, are you ok?



Amir: I think I'm gonna throw up [wretches]



Jake: Oh no!



[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks, Amir sneezes]



Jake: You know if you're sick you should just go home



Amir: You'd love that wouldn't you?



Jake: Yes



[Amir sneezes again]



Amir: Well, sorry but I'm not sick, alright? Never have... [silence]



Jake: Usually people follow that up with never will



Amir: Well you never know right?



Jake: But you're definitely sick



Amir: Alright, this is what we're gonna do. I'm gonna cough in your mouth, if you're not sick in two days, I was right. If you are sick in two days we'll chalk that up to being a weird coincidence and we'll call it a draw



Jake: Okay so there's no way that I'm right?



Amir: That's correct



Jake: Then why on earth would I let you cough into my mouth?



Amir: I am that confident



Jake: I'm not questioning your confidence, I'm questioning what you're confident of



Amir: Okay, now you're not making sense. Just get over here buttfucker!



Jake: Is that from something?



Amir: [Shaking his head] I dont know



Jake: That makes it so much worse, I'm not letting you sneeze into my mouth



Amir: What's the matter Jakey? 'Fraid you won't get sick?



Jake: The exact opposite actually



Amir: You're... You're not... You are not afraid that you-



Jake: You don't know what opposites are that's okay



Amir: That's fine 'cos I don't need to know what opposites are



Jake: That's technically true though you probably should



Amir: Yes well what I don't know, can't kill me



Jake: Interesting. Do you know what a heart attack is?



Amir: No



Jake: Diabetes?



Amir: No



Jake: Malnourishment?



Amir: Definitely not



Jake: Three things that can kill you. Malnourishment probably is killing you right no-



Amir: Listen, can I just come over there and-



Jake: Cough into my mouth? No. Are you crazy?



Amir: Oh I bet you think I'm so-



Jake: So predictable. Yeah, yeah I do



Amir: I wasn't gonna say that



Jake: What were you gonna say then?



[Long silence, Amir stares ahead without moving]



Jake: Did you fall asleep or something?



Amir: Buttfucker

													

														INTRO Jake - Hey, you're wa-- Sorry, can we do that again?



Amir - Sorry, are you trying to ruin this for me?



Jake - Wow.







JAKE: Hey, Pat. Didn't you have a date this weekend with that marketing chick, Daphne?



PAT: Oh, uh, yeah actually, I did.



JAKE: How'd go? Where did you take her?



PAT: It--



AMIR: (Laughs) I think he took her from behind. Oh!



Amir simulates anal on Pat.



Amir climbs on Pat's back faking an orgasm.



AMIR: Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh no! Oh, no. Oh, no. Ugh.



Amir pants loudly.



PAT: Jake...Jake!



JAKE: Did you...finish?



AMIR: I don't know. Pat, did you?



PAT: W-What? No! Of course not, this is ridiculous!



AMIR: This is crazy!



PAT: Shut up! Has he done this before?



JAKE: No...I dunno.



PAT: Stop panting!



AMIR: Sorry. You want anything? Glass of water?



PAT: I want you to get out of here!



AMIR: Oh my god, no. Let's not. Let's not move quite yet. 



PAT: Can I get him fired for this?



JAKE: Probably, yeah.



AMIR: No! No, no, no, no, no. Not again, nobody say anything.



JAKE: Fine fine fine fine. Nobody's gonna get fired. Amir, why don't you just get off.



Amir falls alseep.



PAT: OF me! Get off-- are you sleeping? Amir!



Amir wakes up.



AMIR: Ah! Sorry. It's just been a long day. It has nothing to do with you.



PAT: I-



Daphne walks in



DAPHNE: Pat, sorry to drop in. 



PAT: Daphne.



AMIR: We can explain.



PAT: No, you know what? I would rather-- we should just break up.



DAPHNE: Do you really mean that?



Amir lets out a high gasp



PAT: I do, yeah. Sorry, go away. 



AMIR: She is pretty hot, dude. 



END 



EPISODE LINK

													

														[Intro]



Amir: Hey you're watching Jake and me [laughs] Tell me that wasn't cute



Jake: It wasn't



Amir: Yeah right



[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks, Amir is making a high pitched groaning sound]



Jake: Something bothering you?



Amir: [Continues groaning]



Jake: If you're upset just tell me what it is, don't make the noise just tell me what's bothering you and we'll talk about it



Amir: [Still groaning]



Jake: Just tell me what it is!



Amir: My dog died okay? He was eaten by a wolf at my parent's house. There, are you happy?



Jake: [sighs] Sorry man



Amir: Sorry about what?



Jake: Sorry to hear that



Amir: Sorry to hear that? Or sorry that he died?



Jake: Both?



Amir: No... No I'm sorry something's not... Something's not adding up something's not making sense



Jake: I agree, yeah



Amir: If you killed my dog, you know you-



Jake: Okay I'm gonna stop you right there I didn't do that



Amir: So why are you apologizing hm? Why are you... What are you sorry about?



Jake: I'm sorry that a wolf ate your dog, [stutters] I didn't have anything to do with it



Amir: Whoah whoah, what'd you say? You're sorry that a wolf ate-



Jake and Amir: That a wolf ate your dog



Amir: I never said that a wolf ate my dog! Huh?



Jake: You did, it was the only thing you said to me actually



Amir: Did I?



Jake: Yeah



Amir: Yeah, right. Right, yeah dang it. You have to admit that would have been pretty clever though if i caught you like that



Jake: Sure yeah, it would have been



Amir: So you admit it!



Jake: Yes! That it would have been clever if you were right



[Silence]



Jake: I still feel like maybe you think I killed your dog



Amir: Yeah I'm like 50/50 on it



Jake: Do you think I'm a wolf?



Amir: Alright okay fine! I don't have a dog okay? I just wanted to catch you in a lie



Jake: You don't even have a dog? What are you talking about?



Amir: I just... you always catch me in lies I thought I'd catch you in one



Jake: Don't get sentimental and try to make me feel bad, this is the stupidest thing you've done in a long time and you carved my initials into your hand last week



Amir: Oh wow! Big whoop!



Jake: Oh god, you opened it up



Amir: Yeah, dang it



Jake: It's never gonna heal if you keep doing that-



Amir: I know that's the point!

													

														INTRO



Amir: Jake and Amir watching you are.



Jake: Yoda?



Amir: Chewy, actually.



EPISODE



Amir: Snowstorms right? I remember as a kid, I used to play outside during a snowstorm on my front lawn, trying to spell S.O.S with my tracks. I don't know why. What was I trying to be saved from? Those were the best days of my life.



Jake: Ricky said you threw hot coffee in Rosie's face this morning.



Amir: When it's this much, you can't even tell if it's falling down or going up-



Jake: On purpose.



Amir: Everywhere, it's white on white, it's pure, it's beautiful. There is no direction, it just, is.



Jake: It's definitely going down, they said you just like walked up, didn't say anything, you just threw the hot coffee in his face. Did you?



Amir: It's funny how winter kind of sneaks up on you, you know? Every year I'm surprised again for the first time.



Jake: Sarah tried to help him and you picked her up by the neck and threw her to the ground.



Amir: I guess life is about being spontaneous.



Jake: I don't know if you're listening to me, but you're probably going to go to jail for this. The very least you'll be arrested, I think the police are on their way.



Amir: Look how beautiful it is outside. I'm already in jail.



Jake: So you are hearing me, ok. This is the second time you've really hurt Rosie.



Amir: In a couple of years we're going to look back on this day and realize, this was the day that the cops came and I hid behind the copy machine and you covered for me even though you didn't want to.



Jake: Ok, so now I see where you were going with all that. I'm not going to do that though.



Amir: It was our word against Rosie's. He didn't stand a chance. Our friendship was solidified by the risk you were willing to take for me.



Jake: This is some seriously depraved shit man, and I'm not covering for you.



Amir: You said you weren't going to cover for me but deep down inside, you knew that you had to.



Jake: Don't talk about deep down inside me, ok.



Amir: At the end of the day, I had some shit on you that the police couldn't find out about and if they did, you'd be the one sitting next to me in that jail cell.



Jake: Yeah right, what?



Amir: March 15, 1999 you-



Jake: Ok, fine fine. Go hide, go hide.



Amir: (runs away)



(after ending)



Jake: Snow, huh. If it were any color other than white, it wouldn't be as beautiful.



Murph: Yeah that's, that's a little racist.



EPISODE LINK 



Checklist for Episodes

													

														INTRO

Jake: Hey! You're watching Jake and Amir!



Amir: Hey! You're watching Jake and Amir!



Jake: Good, great job!



Amir: Likewise!







Amir frantically tries to open the door and start banging on it.



Amir: Help!



Jake: Push it! Ju--Push it!



Amir opens door



Amir: Sorry, almost lost my cool there for a second.



Jake: You did lose your cool there for a second



Amir: Filling out your March Madness Bracket?



Jake: Yeah!



Amir: I don't know why, it's just a Hallmark holiday right? Perpetrated by the grating card business to sell 

chocolate!



Jake: Perpetuated and greeting were the words you were looking for there, okay? And you're thinking of 

Valentine's day.



Amir: Do you want this chocolate bunny or not?







Amir: A long shot to win the whole thing, hmm. Don't mind if I per-due!



Jake: I'd prefer if you per-didn't.



Amir: Wow.. that was awful. 







Amir: Hey, how do you spell 'hoops'?



Jake: So you're definitely filling out your bracket wrong.



Amir: Hmm.. True that.







Amir: I-- I'm sorry, you.. you're not funny. There are good jokes and there are bad jokes but that was so... 

you're not funny.







Amir: Aw gorsh damn-nit I spelled 'North Carolina' wrong.



Jake: You spelled a lot of things wrong. You know North Carolina's not even in this tournament.



Amir: Not this tournament



Jake: Exactly.



Amir: Yeah.







Amir: I'm sorry, if it bends its funny, if it breaks its not funny and you broke it. It's shattered, it's gone, it's... 

you're not funny.







Amir: A sixteen has never beaten a one, yet when i was sixteen... I beat plenty of ones.



Jake: Wow.



Amir: One-year olds, that is.



Jake: No I got it, that's why I said 'wow'.







Amir: It's just that comedy is tragedy plus time and your comedy is just tragedy, it stinks, it's bad, it's awful 

man. Don't premine.. er premine if effor... perfer... Per-forget it, man! I did. It's-- you're done. 



Amir: Well, you're not rootin' for Kansas anymore, Toto.



Jake: laughs



Amir: What was that? imitates laughing



Jake: I laughed



Amir pulls out his phone



Jake: What are you doing?



Amir: Taking a picture. Do it one more time imitates Jake's laugh again



Jake: No.







Amir: Alright. Check out this final score tiebreaker: one ninety-nine to six. So.. not likely but if it hits, I'm a 

genius.



Jake: Yeah and you have all fifteen seeds in your final four.



Amir: Yeah, it's not likely, but if it hits I'll be--



Jake: You're never gonna be a genius.



Amir: Unless it hits...







Amir: sings Duke you have the time, to listen to me, Duke? No, I don't to the Duke, no Duke about it!



Jake: Please, please don't.







Amir: I mean you're trying to come up with jokes, and that in itself is funny like hahahaha but no, man. Don't.







Amir: You think its called 'Zero-cuse' University? Because they have zero cuses.



Jake: It's called 'Syracuse' not 'Zero-cuse.'



Amir: Yeah, my answer stands.



Jake: You didn't answer, you asked.



Amir: You're obsessed.







Amir: sings Sometime I give myself the..



Jake and Amir: Dukes.







Amir: Isn't it weird that we do this every year but we never play basketball together?



Jake: No.



Amir: That's why I propose that we--



Jake: I said it wasn't weird.



Amir: Let me finish. That we play basketball together. Oh wait that's not weird anymore



Jake: Is that a swastika?!



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1B8nGUPwxyE

													

														INTRO:



AMIR: Hi.



JAKE: And?



AMIR: You are watching., so.



JAKE: Anything else?



AMIR: (quickly) You'rewatchingJakeandAmir!







[Jake is sitting at his desk. He turns around in his chair to see Amir wearing nothing but a speedo, carrying a rolled up yoga mat.]



JAKE: Wow...



AMIR: (smiling) I know, right? Aaah! (Amir's signature aaah!)



JAKE: No, you obviously don't if you're the one wearing that.



AMIR: [I'm] Doing yoga, so.



JAKE: [It] Doesn't explain... (winces) this (gestures at Amir's outfit).



AMIR: Yeah. It's the hot yoga, so. Bikram.



JAKE: Still, I can't imagine that's appropriate attire for yoga, or.. work, especially.



AMIR: Yeah, well I didn't wanna change at work, ok, cuz it's gross here.



JAKE: You walked to work in that?



AMIR: No, I didn't (imitating Jake's tone) walk to work in that. I took the bus!



JAKE: Ugh, you're not wearing any shoes!



AMIR: And?



JAKE: It's snowy outside?



AMIR: AND?



JAKE: ..That's it!



AMIR: So let me get this straight: you're jealous, of--



JAKE: Wow, no, you're already wrong. You know what, put on socks, put on shoes, put on pants, put on a shirt--



AMIR: Put on a break! Bihtin br--



JAKE: What? Huh?



AMIR: (same tone as his first interjection) Gimme a break!



JAKE: Gimme a break?



AMIR: Yeah--



JAKE: --Right--



AMIR: --Sorry, you weren't saying gimme shoes, gimme this, so--



JAKE: No I was saying put on.



AMIR: Yeah, so I made due. You know, when live gives you lemons, (falsetto) you make due!



JAKE: Okay, forget it, that's not the phrase.



AMIR: Okay, yes, forget it, because I'm late for yoga!



JAKE: Wow, so you haven't even been to yoga yet?



AMIR: (loudly and annoyedly) OH MY GOD, no, I haven't been to yoga yet; I don't even know where I can enroll!



JAKE: You're not enrolled in a yoga class?!



AMIR: NO, I'M NOT ENROLLED IN A YOGA CLASS! Okay, I'm sorry, last time I checked, I came into work, and you stopped me, huh? I didn't say anything. So let's just sit across from each other, keep are nose to the f***ing grindstone and not talk to each other for half a second, huh? Is THAT an option, DUDE?



JAKE: (exhales) ...Okay, you're right. I'm sorry.



AMIR: ehehg! I... was... MESSING WITH YOU, MAN! Hahahah, come on, let's hug it out over that one--



JAKE: No.



AMIR: Yeah, we're definitely hugging it out--



JAKE: No, we're definitely not--



AMIR: WE DEFINITELY ARE!



END.







OUTRO:



[Jake and Amir are hugging, Amir is rocking back and forth.]

													

														[Introduction] 



Amir: Hey, you're watching, wait for it... 



Jake: Not a lot of time. 



Amir: Wait for it- 



[Amir is sitting at his desk, a stranger (Jordan) walks in and sits at Jake's desk]



Amir: Explain. 



Jordan: Umm... (Reads from a notepad) I'm Jake. 



Amir: Umm... No you're not. laughs 



Jordan (reading from a script): Laugh (spoken). I thought you'd say that. Which is why I want to say, I am Jake. 



Amir: Okay, you're not Jake, 'cause Jake doesn't look like that. 



Jordan: That's very logical. (Reads from notepad) But have you considered this, a wizard changed my face? 



Amir: Yes, I have considered that. But have you considered this, if a wizard changed your face why did he change your voice? 



Jordan (reads from notes): Another wizard changed my voice. 



Amir: laughs and clears throat (seriously) Really? 



Jordan (reads from notes): No, got you. Laugh (spoken) Uhh... I'm wearing a mask. 



Amir: If you're Jake, then when's his birthday? 



Jordan (looking through the notes): Umm... (flips page) August 5th... Or 6th, it looks like? 



Amir: 5th... Yeah. 



(Jordan's phone rings, Jordan answers it) 



Jordan: Hey, it's Jordan... Yeah... Yeah, call me back. 



Amir: W- Why'd you say this is J- this is Jordan? 



Jordan: I... Uhh... (reads notes out loud to himself) If you mess up just tell him that best friends have to trust each other, now more than ever. 



Amir: What? 



Jordan: Best friends have to trust each other, now more than ever. 



Amir: I trust you. laughs This is crazy! What- How does it- What is- What was the wizard? 



(Jake enters) 



Amir: Whaa- Hey? 



Jake: Whoa. Hmm... I forgot this was today. Listen, this is Jake and I'm an actor that he hired. So... 



Amir: What's going on? 



Jake: This is all a dream. Everything is a dream, so its time to wake up. (Jake picks up a coffee mug and walks toward Amir) Wake up. Wake up. Wake up. (Jake hits Amir over the head with the mug) Wake up! 



Amir: Oww! 



Jake: Oh god, sorry. 



Amir: That really hurt. 



Jake: I thought you were gonna pass out or something. 



Amir: Why would I pass ou- (Jake hits amir over the head again) Hey! Come on, quit it. Alright? 



Jake: Okay, I'm sorry. Sorry. 



Jordan: Okay, I'm leaving. 



Amir (to Jordan): Jake! Wait! 

													

														Opening Sequence



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. Great, you didn'toh no. Is he breathing?



(Some other male character): Uhh, no.







Episode



Amir: So you know how if you throw a penny off the Empire Statement Building it can kill someone? If you throw a quarter off, can it 

kill 25 people?



Jake: That's not funny.



Amir: It's not supposed to be funny, okay, it's just supposed to be impressive that I did the math right.



Jake: Yeah I guess.



Amir: Oh no.



Jake: No, no, 25 is right



Amir: No no, just that my stupid dumbass butthead cousins Linford and Leron are here!



(Linford and Leron come in and sit on Jake's desk)



Leron: What up, guys?



Jake: You guys know you can sit over there, right?



Linford: Uh, next to that guy? No thank you. He smells like fishsticks.



(Linford, Leron and Amir laugh at that)



Jake: No, you guys smell like fishsticks.



Leron: Yeah, we just ate fishsticks.



Linford: So, at least we have a reason. Ohh! Do you mind if I check my email?



Jake: Yes.



Linford: Yes you mind, but I can still do it?



Leron: Just do it already, I'm sick of hearing you two dykes argue about it!



Amir: It's fine, you can do it.



Jake: No, it's not fine. Look, what are you guys even doing here?



Linford: Uh, Amir practically begged us to come here.



Jake: What? You acted like you didn't even want them to come. Okay you know what, nevermind, everytime I catch you in a lie you can 

never be honest with me. And the truth is usually really really sad, so just shut up.



Leron: No you shut up! Okay? Amir is the only one who gives a crap! Alright, you go through life not knowing what you want? Well Amir's 

already there! He has it all! And he has it because of you! Alright? You think we smell like fishsticks? You're the one who smells like 

fishsticks!



Linford: So, wow.



Jake: That made no sense. And you smell like fishsticks.



Leron: True. Alright, Linny, let's go.



Linford: One second!



Jake: Wow, are you on YouPorn?!



Amir: Linford!



Linford: That's me! (Winks at the camera, with a ding)







Outro



Jake: Who the f**k are you winking at?

													

														Intro



JAKE: Hey you're watching Jake and Amir!



AMIR: And you think I care why?



JAKE: Not talking to you.



AMIR: Okay.







Office



[Sarah walks into Jake]



SARAH: Oh, Jesus.



JAKE: So sore.



SARAH: Okay.



JAKE: Didn't say sorry I said I was sore. My muscles are sore.



SARAH: I didn't think you said sorry.



JAKE: My muscles are sore from working out in the gym, In a workout.



What did you do this morning?



SARAH: Umm... Let's see, I got up.



JAKE: I got up, I got up and I went to the gym. Regular crunches, bicycle crunches, pushups, diamond pushups!



SARAH: Those are all thing that you can do at home.



JAKE: Yeah that's true, that's true... I wouldn't, but umm...



SARAH: Why wouldn't you?



JAKE: I Didn't think about it until now actually... Ha, how was your weekend?



SARAH: It was fine thanks.



JAKE: That is cool, mine was fine too, mine was a little crazy, mine was like too crazy. Don't tell anybody, but I did something illegal.



[Amir pulls Jake's fly down]



SARAH: Really?



JAKE: I did... I downloaded Avatar on Bit Torrent. I Bit Torrented it.



SARAH: That is crazy.



JAKE: Yeah, favorite part on three: one, two, three!



SARAH: The 3D!



JAKE: Not for me, no. My favorite part was the dragons. Big-ass dragon at the end, Toruk Makto. [Does a flying motion]



SARAH: Ugh... Okay, that's-



JAKE: We should go to a club. 



[Amir starts taking Jake's dick out]



JAKE: We should just go to a club after work, would be really fun.



[Rapping]I'm so 3000 and late, your so 2000 and late. I got that boom boom aah, you got that boom boom [Notices that his dick is out]

aaoh, AAOH, AAH.



SARAH: AAH! [Leaves]



AMIR: [Laughs] April fool's bitch!



JAKE: What is wrong with you? Why is you dick out?



AMIR: I don't know, solidarity brother. Why is yours in?



[CH Outro]



DAVID: [To Jake] Yo did you show your dick to my girlfriend bro?



THE END



WATCH THE EPISODE

													

														Jake  Amir 75,000 Facebook Fans Thank You Video



Posted April 6, 2010



[Jake and Amir are seated together.]



Jake: Hey everybody! We just wanted to say thank you so much because we reached 75,000 Facebook fans and thats really cool.



[Amir covers his mouth in shock.]



Amir: Oh my gosh, hehe. So, thank you everyone. 



[Amir clicks the computer to stop recording.]



Amir: Done-zo, so now what do we do? Its still early. The night is young.



Jake: I said Id make the video and and Im going home.



Amir: Well dont because I already- I asked you from five to eight PM if you were doing anything and you said no. And that only took thirty seconds.



Jake: Thats cause I did not think you were booking me for the entire time, sorry-



Amir: Well, I was booking you for the entire-



[Jake gets up.]



Amir (getting upset): Where are you going? I was booking you for the entire time! Ah, dammit.



[Amir picks up his phone and calls Jake.]



Amir: DONT hang up!



[Amir shakes his head sadly and picks up the phone again.]



Amir: Hey Laura. Hi, your sons acting like a real a-hole again-



[Amir noitces the camera is on.]



Amir: Oh shit



THE END



http://www.facebook.com/video/video.php?v=376830174964

													

														INTRO:



JAKE: Hey, you're watching Ja--



AMIR: Cuuut, cutcutcutcut--



JAKE: Why?



AMIR: I don't know, I don't know what cut means.







[Jake and Amir are sitting across from each other at their desks.]



AMIR: Ho-ly GUAC. This iPad thing is ridinkydonky; I need one, bababababaaadd!



JAKE: Why?



AMIR: This iPad thing is ridickydonk; I need one, bad.



JAKE: Do you think I said what??



AMIR: A loser says what?



JAKE: ...



AMIR: ...Wat?



JAKE: I didn't say anything.



AMIR: I thought you said what, which would make you a loser!



JAKE: Yeah, I didn't. You did, which makes you a--



AMIR: NO!



JAKE: (under his breath) Fine.



AMIR: This iPad thing is crazy though. I never wanted anything more in my entire life--



JAKE: Why do you think you need one?



AMIR: It revolutionizes it!



JAKE: What's it? What is it revolutionizing?



AMIR: It's just crazy how they made it.. it's so small.



JAKE: It's not that small.



AMIR: It's enormous.



JAKE: No. It's not--



AMIR: And that's crazy because it's weightless!



JAKE: No, it's not. 



AMIR: It's completely weightless.



JAKE: No, No.



AMIR: Yeah.



JAKE: Name one thing that it does.



AMIR: Nothing! It does everything!



JAKE: Ok, so not nothing.



AMIR: Exactly. (winking and pointing at Jake)



JAKE: Don't say exactly and go like this (imitating Amir), like you did something smart, because you're very dumb, okay, it didn't make any--



PAT: Hey, Jake, why are you giving Amir such a hard time, man? I head you say you wanted the iPad yourself, what's up?



JAKE: Okay, yeah, I know why it's so great though.



PAT: Why?



JAKE: (stuttering) It's a new way to view it,



PAT: Oh, view what?



JAKE: Media... and, it's got.. um.. there are.. it's got apps, you can check your email,



PAT: Apps, email, cuz you can check your email on your phone you know, and your computer--



JAKE: Shut up. Shut up, man, okay. You're putting me on the spot. (stuttering) It revolutionizes it!



PAT: Well you know what I think? (slightly laughing) I think you kinda sound like Amir at this point-- (smiling, touching Amir's shoulder)



AMIR: Okay he told you to shut up, Pat; BUTT OUT!



PAT: Whoah!



AMIR: Ok this is an A to B conversation, so C your way out of it, right? C your way out of D room.. that's right, get E-way! Get the F away! G, you're still H-ere? I don't know why, because I, J told you to K..



JAKE: He's gone.



AMIR: L.



END.

													

														Intro:

Jake: Hey, you're wat-



Amir: Hey, to you.



Jake: I wan't talking to you



Amir: Well then why am I here?







(Announcement) Will everyone please join us for a moment of silence for Kunal Shar, a Collegehumor employee who was killed last night.



(All employees observe moment of silence)



Amir singing loudly: Shawty's like a melody in my head that I can't keep out, got me singing like na na na na everyday, it's like ipod's stuck on replay. No way, no way-way-way-way-way-way-way-way.



Jake shooshing him through out his singing



Amir: Sorry, this is super loud, which makes me talk super loud cause you can't hear the sound of your own voice. Have you ever noticed that, it's like everytime-



Jake, whispering: We're having a moment of silence



Amir: Who died? Amir laughs



Jake: Kunal



Amir: Really? Erh. My bad. 

Amir cracks fingers, turns laptop on, laptop makes a loud sound. Amir mouths sorry and turns volume of laptop down.



Jake, whispering: There's one button that mutes everything



Amir signs that he wants to do a farting noise with his hands



Jake, whispering: Why now?



Amir finds packet of MMs in pocket, bangs it his thigh before trying to open it and bangs it on his thigh again and gets it open this time.



Amir, whispering: MM?



Jake mouths: I don't want one.



Amir pours the bag of MMs on his desk



Amir, whispering: I like the blue ones



Amir throws the MM into the air to try to catch it in his mouth, but it lands and hits his tooth.



Pause



Amir, yelling: Ow!



Jake, whispering: You don't have to say ow



Amir, normal voice: Ok, obviously I wouldn't say anything unless it really really hurt, alright. You know me man, you know I keep silent unless it kills, but it really hurts.



Jake, whispering: Just please!



Amir, normal voice: Ok, you know what? How about you smile and I'll throw one of these pebbles in your mouth, we'll see how you like it, ok?



Jake, whispering: I'm asking for 10 seconds



Amir throws MM into Jake's eye



Amir, normal voice: Ooh see! Oh wait no, you can't because I threw one of the pebbles in your eyes and now you can't and you won't shut up about it. But when I do it I'm a huge dill-weed, so how's that fair? Huh?



(Announcement) Thank you. 



Amir: Ugh! Just when I was about to be quiet. This is the worst day ever.

													

														Amir: Hey, we're Jake and Amir from collegehumor.com, and we're here to unveil the nominees for the 14th Annual Webby Awards.



Jake: And to tell you how to help choose this year's winners by voting in The Webby People's Voice Awards.



Amir: Yes, you know, as Webby Award winners, we sorta know what it takes to get that prize. What do you need to do? You have to have hustle, comedy



Jake: We didn't win one.



Amir: Dedication... What?



Jake: We never won a Webby.



Amir: Well, just to be nominated is such a thrill; it's an honor!



Jake: (sigh) We don't know if we're nominated yet.



Amir: Okay... (whispering) So why are we doing this?



Jake: Well, we agreed to help them out



Amir: No, you agreed to help them out; I didn't agree to do anything!



Jake: Don't do this. Don't do this. You were cc'd on every email; you never had a problem until now.



Amir: All right, I'm calling my agent. (gets up)



Jake: What agent?



Amir: I thought you were my agent.



Jake: Well, fine, I think you should do it then.



Amir: Okay... (sits down) Let's talk it out. Do you really think this is a good career opportunity for me?



Jake: We're already shooting it; we're already making it.



Amir: Okay, here's what we're going to do: we're going to keep on making the video if we get nominated in five Webby categories.



Jake: No...



Amir: That's right; we're talking Best Acting, Best Editing, Best Female Editing.



Jake: That's sexist.



Amir: Okay, Best Writing, Best.. Acting Writing, so...



Jake: Let's just check out some of this year's nominees, and then go vote for your favorites in The Webby People's Voice Awards.



Amir: Okay, just try to enjoy it (gets up to approach camera), knowing that our BLOOD, SWEAT, AND TEARS WENT INTO THIS, AND



[A montage of the nominated videos plays.]



THE END



VIDEO LINK

													

														JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. 



AMIR: Ooh, bravo, bravo!



JAKE: (simultaneously) Shut up, shut up!



JAKE: Wow, this is my Xbox. I just bought it. What happened?



AMIR: Okay, I can explain. Sarah walked into the office, right? And she was all...



SARAH: (bounces in, new scene) Sup?



AMIR: Then Pat was all--



PAT: Sup?



SARAH: Aw hell no this is crazay in my nazay!



PAT: Oh no, I'm a dumbass nerd!



SARAH: And Sarah was all like, uh no shiatsu!



JAKE: So Sarah said, And Sarah was all like,?



AMIR: Will you let me finish, okay? Anyway--



GUY: Oh sheesh y'all--



GUY, SARAH, PAT: 'Twas a dream!



JAKE: Nobody said that!



GUY: You weren't there.



BRYAN: (enters) Yo so, my name is Byron Murphy, I like to drink curfee!



JAKE: So he said his name was Byron and he likes curfee. Cause that sounds like something you would say, because you don't know his name is Bryan and you don't know how to pronounce things, like coffee.



AMIR: And then--



PAT: I'm gaaaaay!



JAKE: Oh my God, just get to the Xbox!



AMIR: So I walk in, like a hero or whatever, and--



(new scene. Amir crushes Xbox with baseball bat)



JAKE: (in new scene, enters) Wow, what happened to my Xbox? This is ace. Dinner tonight?



AMIR (new scene): Uh, yeah, ha!



JAKE: (voice over) I never said that!



JAKE: (new scene) Didn't I?



JAKE (voice over): Nope.



JAKE: (new scene) Ah.



AMIR: (squeal noise)



(Jake in new scene grabs baseball bat. College Humor sign pops up)

													

														INTRO

Amir: You're watching the season finale of Jake and Amir

Jake: We're not a TV show

Amir: Why not?

~

Amir: Well, well, well! Look who decided not to show up in the office today!

Jake: We're at the office.

Amir: Really? Even this room?

What that is?

Jake: I'm doing my taxes and I don't have a lot of time so please give me a second.

Amir: Okay I am NOT doing my taxes!

Jake: You have to do your taxes.

Amir: Not me! Not legally!

Jake: Yes, legally. 

Amir: Okay, gimme them. Gimme the taxes then, because I haven't done mine either!

Jake: Did you make any charitable donations this year?

Amir: Yeah, I think I gave a boatload of money to the Amir Blumenfeld Foundation for NOT GIVIN' A SHIT!

Jake: No.

Amir: No no no, it's a fully accredited not for profit that sorta specializes in NOT GIVIN' A SHIT! Invented in 1983 by me when I decided to dedicate my life to NOT GIVIN' A SHIT!

Alright, dependence. I depend on you.

Jake: That's so sad.

Amir: Sad, but true.

Jake: it's sad because it's true. 

Amir: Yeah, i'm gonna write you, and then with an arrow.

Jake: Yeah, they'll get that...

Amir: Don't move!

You know its fun! Like every year we have this gala and we invite New York's elite and everyone brings books, supplies, art supplies, stuff of that nature and we just donate it to New York's intercity NOT GIVIN A SHIT!

Okay, for expenses, can I expense the McDonalds food that I eat?

Jake: Maybe if McDonalds was your job.

Amir: Well i eat McDonalds like its my job! No, but i'll write it down.

Jake: your skin looks really yellow.

Amir: Thank you! 

Jake: Okay do you have any other source of income besides your salary, like do you do freelance?

Amir: Ha, you said dodo!

Jake: I didn't actually--

Amir: Do you do!

Jake: Yeah well there's a you in there

Amir: Still.

Vice President Algor is actually coming this year and giving the keynote and addressing the need for everybody to just come together and NOT GIVE A SHIT!

Alright we can work on these taxes, or we can work on a rap.

Jake: Let's finish the taxes--

Amir: Yo so, taxes are fun but--oh, sorry. Urgh i thought you were gonna say rap for sure. 

Taxin, its relaxin!

Jake: I didn't say rap.

Amir: Ok well i thought you changed your mind!

Oh I have something to declare! your jeans like incredible, so...

Yeah we have this really fancy dinner that's like $2,000 a head but everyone gets like this dry-aged prime rib with mashed potatoes and vegetables and for dessert they cart out this heaping helpful of--

Jake: Not givin a shit?

Amir: No it's like dulce de leche pancakes with like marzipan and they top it all off with a nice little coat of NOT GIVIN A SHIT!

THE END

													

														Jake and Amir: Private Eye (Part 1) - Starring Ben Schwartz





[INTRO]:





AMIR: Hi, you're watching the award winning Jake and Amir.



JAKE: What award?



AMIR: Great question: best supporting actress.



JAKE: Not true.



[VIDEO]:





(AMIR is walking through the office when BEN SCHWARTZ reaches out and pulls him aside into a room. AMIR gasps.)



BEN: OK, I did everything you asked me to do, alright, I found out all the information.



AMIR: Who are you?



BEN: I'm the private eye you hired.



AMIR: No - you don't look anything like him, I'm sorry.



(BEN unbuttons his third button)



AMIR: Oh! There you are. (Laughs loudly) I didn't recognise you with your shirt like that.



BEN: I'm a master diguise.



AMIR (Quickly): Alright, so what'd you find out? 



BEN: OK, so you told me to follow Drake and find out all his likes and dislikes.



AMIR: Whoa, whoa - not his dislikes, OK? I'm not paying you for his dislikes.



(BEN grabs AMIR by the throat and pushes him against the wall.)



BEN (Yelling): YOU ARE PAYING ME FOR THE DISLIKES! OK? DO YOU UNDERSTAND WHAT I'M SAYING?



(AMIR is making a choking sound throughout. He nods when BEN finishes talking. BEN lets go of AMIR)



BEN: Jeez christ, oh mayan, oh g-



AMIR (Hurt): Aah.



BEN: Hey - if you refer me to one of your friends just to remind you don't bring up that I choked you.



AMIR: I might not be able to refer you because you do choke pe-



(BEN grabs AMIR by the crotch and lifts him up in the air. AMIR is letting out a high pitched wail)



BEN (Yelling): YOU WILL REFER ME, RIGHT?



AMIR (High pitched): Yes, I'll refer you.



BEN (Yelling): AND YOU'RE GONNA BE MY FRIEND ON LINKEDIN



AMIR (High pitched): OK, I'll be your friend on LinkedIn.



BEN (Yelling): YOU'RE GONNA BE MY BEST FRIEND ON LINKEDIN.



AMIR (High pitched): I don't know if there's a setting for-



(BEN drops AMIR)



BEN (Quickly): Aah, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I just get fiery hot, I gotta take my medicine.



AMIR: No-



(BEN takes out a MMs box and pours the whole lot into his mouth)



AMIR: Oh my-



(BEN makes a funny sound as he swallows the MMs)



AMIR: Is that what you think the 'M' stands for?



BEN (Mouthfull, MMs fall out his mouth as he speaks): One of them, one of them stands for medicine, I don't know what the other stands for. Maybe Maybelline, (singing loudly) MAYBE IT'S MAYBELLINE.



(BEN comes close to AMIR to whisper)



BEN: By the way, when I was feeling around on your balls, right? (Whispering) You may have testicular cancer.



AMIR: Why?



BEN: Cause you have more balls than you need man.



AMIR: I have two balls, I have two balls and that's it. That's how many you're supposed to have. You're supposed to have two.



BEN (Whispering very quietly): Can you feel my balls?



(AMIR feels BEN's testicles)



AMIR: You have one.



BEN: Fuck.



(As he says this, coloured drool falls from BEN's mouth)



AMIR: ...Yeah... Anyway, do you have like a lis-



BEN: No, stop, ssh, we can't talk about anything else, the place might be bugged, OK?.



AMIR: By who?



BEN: You wouldn't know.



(As he says this, BEN places a rag over AMIR's mouth)



BEN (Whispering over AMIR's muffled voice): Just sleep, sleep like a baby. 







(AMIR wakes up sitting on a chair in another room. He sees BEN, holding a yellow balloon with a crudely drawn face on it in front of his face. AMIR shrieks as BEN moves the balloon to and from his face.)



BEN (Taking balloon away from face): It's a balloon, it's a balloon.



(AMIR is sitting in a chair with his right hand tucked into his pants.) 



AMIR: What happened? What time is it? Where am I? What'd you do?



BEN: Time doesn't matter but let me tell you this: you could not be trusted in that other room.



AMIR: So why didn't you just ask me to leave? I would've walked out with you. Why is my hand down my pants?



BEN: Because that way you know my hand isn't down your pants, if your hand is-



AMIR: Then you'd have to put your hand down there when you put my hand down there?



BEN: Could you tip your head back real quick?



(AMIR does so.)



BEN (throwing rag over AMIR's face): ...and inhale...



(AMIR falls asleep.)







(AMIR is lying on a table, both his hands tucked into his pants. BEN climbs on top of him.)



AMIR: Oh- my gosh.



(BEN laughs)



AMIR: Why two hands?



BEN: Y2K- you remember that a couple months back? Listen, I printed out all of Drake's likes, you study those (whispering) he's gonna be best friends with you.



AMIR: K... Right.



BEN (Pulling out a piece of paper and placing it on AMIR's chest): K? All you need to do, you ready?



AMIR: Yeah...



BEN: You ready to get a new best friend?



AMIR: I'm ready...



BEN and AMIR: I'm ready to get a new best friend!



BEN: Say it with me:



BEN and AMIR: I'm ready to get a new best friend!



BEN: It's a great day!



BEN and AMIR: I'm ready to get a new best friend!



BEN: Fantastic!

    (Simultaneously)

AMIR: It's a great day...



BEN: I'm gonna go to the bathroom, OK?



AMIR: OK...



BEN: OK-



(BEN places a rag over AMIR's mouth, AMIR passes out.)



[TITLE]: TO BE CONTINUED





[COLLEGEHUMOR LOGO]









(In the toilets, BEN flushes the toilet and exits one of the cubicles to wash his hands. AMIR is lying on the counter, he places AMIR's left hand in his pants and then buttons up his third button before leaving the toilets.)

													

														Prologue

Voiceover: Previously, on Jake and Amir



Amir: Who are you?



Ben: I'm the private eye you hired.



Cuts to Ben pinning Amir down on the table



Ben: Listen, I've printed out all of Drake's likes. You study those, he's going to be best friends with you.



Cuts to Ben using chloroform rag to knock out Amir



Amir:(grunts)



Ben: Sleeeep. Sleep like a baaaaby.







intro

Amir: Congrats! You're our 1 millionth viewer!



Jake: We've had more than a million viewers.



Amir: Woah, really?







Scene

Ben: I'm going to need a lot more chloroform, like 40 bottles. You know what Howard? I think I've had enough of your bullshit.



Ben places chloroform rag on phone



Ben: Did that work? No, okay then just like a bunch more bottles-



Amir: SHHHHHH



Ben: (quietly) Okay, couple more bottles.



Amir: SHHERRH... Jake, Umm, what are you thinking about later I'm thinking of having a Sprite. Do you think, do you think that?



Jake: I think you should keep that to yourself.



Amir: Me too, that's why I'm going to. 



Jake: Okay.



Amir: Umm I don't know, I just felt like we can chill... in... Toronto, Ontario, Canada your home town...



Small pause, Jake is about to talk



Amir: AND WE CAN HAVE SPRITE.



Jake: You think I'm from Toronto? And you think I want to go there, right now... to have sprite?



Amir looks at Ben, hiding under the desk



Amir: Alright you're really fucking me on this man.



Ben: Hmm? What are you talking about?



Amir: What am I talking about? None of this information is right! That's what I'm talking about.



Ben: (very quickly, mumbling) what you talking about?



Amir: Okay?



Ben: That's everything you need to know about Drake.



Amir: Who's Drake?



Ben: You know Drake! He sings that song tut ... (singing) hey yo my name is Draaaake... do you know my buddyyy Samuelllll. He's got a Razor scooterrr... (shouting) GO SAMUEL, YOU'RE DOING-



Amir kicks Ben



Amir: SHHH-



Ben: OWWWW... maaaan-



Ben+Amir: (in unison, Amir trying to talk over Ben) I... HAVE A... SMALLL... PENISSSS



Ben smirks



Amir: So... do you like hanging out with hip-hop moguls?



Jake pauses, looking confused 



Jake: Why'd you just say you had a small penis?



Amir: I didn't! You..lik.. I was talking about.. err.. bird man.



Jake: (takes headphones off, angrily) Bird man?!



Amir: Bird ma... no, what? Coz you're coz (mumbles) coz your hip-hip-hop career.



Meanwhile, Ben stands up behind Jake



Jake: My hip-ho- I don't have a hip-hop career.



Ben points at Jake, insinuating he will use the chloroform rag on him to Amir



Jake: Alright?



Amir: No-



Jake: No?



Amir: No



Jake: Yeah, no you're right, I'm going back to work then.



Ben, meanwhile, still behind Jake and planning to chloroform him



Amir: NOO!



Jake: No, I can't go back to work?



Amir: Yeahhh (frustrated breath noise)... NOO... No...



Ben realises Amir means no to him, looks dismayed



Amir: NO.



Jake: ...I'm not talking.



Ben drops rag and joins conversation



Ben: Hey, what do you guys think about Drake?



Amir laughs



Jake: (confused) Who the hell are you?



Ben: Me? ...look at me right now, maybe you'll remember



Ben undoes one button of his shirt



Amir: (with smile on his face) Oh yeah.



Ben: My name isss... (struggling to think of a name) Joooooope.



Amir's mouth open listening intently to Ben think of a name



Jake: (disbelieving tone) JOPE? 



Ben: Yep. Err.. I don't know why the hell I'm here, but I'll tell you one thing... I caaan't (whispers in Jake's ear) get enough of that guy Drake!



Jake: Don't-



Amir: (quietly, in agreement) yeah-



Jake: speak so close to me! Who's Drake?



Amir: (singing) You seee nothing but Samuellll.



Jake: That's Drake?



Ben: Yeah.



Jake: Okay I'm g-



Ben: We should go to a Drake concert!



Amir: Alrigh-



Jake: Why would we go to a Drake concert? (Ben cuts in) We have work.



Ben: Because it'd be so much fun, for frie-



Jake: I don't want to go to a Drake concert-



Amir is smiling mouth-open with joy watching the playful confrontation



Ben: I... I (raising voice) THINK YOU DO WANT TO COME TO A DRAKE CONCERT.



Jake: (raises voice too) I ACTUALLY DO NOT WANT TO GO-



Ben: I'M ALMOST POSITIVE YOU WANNA... FUCKING DRAKE CONC-



Ben grabs Jake by the testicles and lifts him out of his seat angrily



Jake: (In pain) AHHH... OH MY GOD... 



Ben: HUH?



Amir gasps with surprise, holding his hand over his mouth



Ben suspends Jake in the air by the testicles



Jake: AHH... AHH



Ben: HUH?



Jake: (speaking quickly, due to the pain) OKAY! I'll go to the Drake concert-



Ben: YEAH



Jake: (speaking very quickly) I'll go to the Drake concert-



Ben: (loudly) YEAH, AND YOU'RE GONNA BE MY FRIEND ON LINKEDIN-



Jake: (mumbling) FINE I'LL BE YOUR FRIE-



Ben: (agressively, forcing Jake to agree) MY BEST FRIEND (Jake interrupts and repeats what Ben says) ON LINKEDIN.



Ben puts Jake back down



Amir: I thought I was gonna be your best fri-



Ben: You can have TWO best friends on LinkedIn...



Jake is breathing heavily, recovering from the pain



Ben: Come on 'mir 'mirsss.... we're gonna have so much fuuuuun.



Jake: (Looking out of breath and agreeing to avoid confrontation) Okay we'll have fun-



Ben: Before we go we should probably sleep.



Ben chloroforms Jake, causing him to collapse



Ben: Take a lil sleep



Ben collapses from the chloroform too



Banging noise as Jake and Ben hit their heads on the desk



Amir pulls out his own rag of chloroform and uses it on himself, tilting back in his chair and passing out



END

													

														INTRO:



JAKE: You are watching Jake and Amir!



AMIR: Not yet!



JAKE: Yes, yet.



AMIR: Oh.







[Streeter is talking to a group of CollegeHumor employees, some of whom are laying on the ground in push-up position, the rest of whom are standing in a circle around them.]



STREETER: Alright everyone, it's time for a push-up contest! Now you guys know the rules, alright? Everybody's got a counter, you gotta go all the way down, and no girl push-ups. Alright, ready?



AMIR: (interrupting) Yeah yeah and FOLLOW-UP rule, everyone!--



STREETER: Ready, set, GO! (cheering and clapping begins)



AMIR: Uh, everyone has to have fun!



(Amir lies down on the ground to talk to Jake, who is doing pushups.)



AMIR: Alright buddy, we got this! We got this! Come on, pure energy, you're energy, you go through me, I will not quit, you will not quit, you com-- you don't complete me, you are me! Come on, soulmate, ONE time, we got this. Jakey's dominating this 'SHUP contest! Yeeah!

You're my soulmate, right? Choose a number one through a hundred, I guarantee I guess it within five! I guarantee it! Guess! Guess! Guess!

You got this, baby! YUP and down, YUP and down, YUP and down, YUP and down, YUP and down, YUP and down, YUP and down, YUP and down. Come on!

When I say J you say Witz! J! (Jake grunts) J! ... J! ...... J! J!

Ugh, don't forget to invite me to Gmail, ok? I know you have ninety-nine invites and I didn't get one, just send it to my Hotmail! Please! Please! Please!

Every time you go down you're making love to a sweet hot chick, that's right and eight out of ten! Nine in a dress! You want that! You wanna hit that! Down! Up, in, agh, come on! You're so close to cumming! (the background cheering stops) She's so close to cumming! She wants it! Oh! Harder! Yeah! Yeah! Oh, you can feel it! You want this to last forever, can it last forever? The answer is, forever isn't long enough! The condom broke but you don't care because you want to have an offspring with her! Yeah! Yeah! Make her yell! She's gonna cum! She's gonna cum! You love her! She's gonna caaaaaayyyeEEAAAHHHHhh.



(Jake stops doing push-ups and sits up.)



(Amir pants and clears his throat, then stands up. He clears his throat again.)



AMIR: Ok, so, that was... nine, I think. I wasn't.. I wasn't completely counting, but who did more than nine? Just as like a.. (He points around the room; no one reacts.) Did you? You? No? Cuz you weren't.. So nobody. Alright! Ah. We win!



END.

													

														[Intro] Amir: Hey Craig, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Jake: Craig?



Amir: Yeah, and people who are not named Craig.



[Jake and Amir are at their desks, Amir cracks his fingers while looking at Jake. Amir then makes a pose when Jake looks over.]



Amir: Jake. I figured out a way to save time.



Jake: By not talking during work?



Amir: By wiping before you shit?



Jake: How does that save you any time?



Amir: How does what save you any time?



Jake: [Jake takes a deep breath] I made a promise to myself that I wasn't going to get mad at you anymore, because it only stresses me out and it seems to have no effect on you. So...



Amir: [Louder] How does what save you any time, though? How does what, [pause] save you any time, that is.



Jake: How does wiping before you shit save you any time?



Amir: It does.



Jake: I would like to know how.



Amir: And I'm telling you that it is, a time saver.



Jake: I believe you that you believe it's a time saver.



Amir: And I believe you, that you believe me, that is, because it is.



Jake: Ok, but just tell me how it saves time.



Amir: Ya just do it! You wipe, and then you shit.



Jake: You're just explaining that you do it. [Amir nods] But you're not saying why it saves time.



Amir: You don't have to because it does.



Jake: Ok!



Amir: Ok!



Jake: That's fine!



Amir: Hm hm!



Jake: Good!



Amir: [High-pitched] Yeah!



Jake: All right.



Amir: [High-pitched] Yep!



Jake: I don't think it saves anytime but, we can agree to disagree.



Amir: [Laughs] We can agree to agree because it does! AHH!



Jake: We don't have to agree on everything and that's fine.



Amir: [Laughing] It is fine, because it does.



Jake: You are wrong sometimes.



Amir: I am never wrong sometimes.



Jake: Because this doesn't change the two things that you have to do which is shit and wipe. It just switches the order. Maybe if you didn't wipe at all, but...



Amir: Yes but if you switch the order it makes it so time is saved so, ahh! [laughs]



Jake: You don't switch the order of things and save time.



Amir: [laughs] Yes I do.



Jake: But, OK.



Amir: Ok



Jake: Ok



Amir: It is Ok because it does save time.



Jake: It doesn't save time.



Amir: [Singing and pretending to play an instrument] It is ok because it does save time, It is ok because it does save time.



Jake: [Joins in the song] Boop boop bedoop, It doesn't save time.



Amir: [Still singing and playing] Yes it does, Yes it does.



Jake: [Stops singing] Well, whatever. That's a bad song anyway. Ok.



Amir: [Still singing] Yes it does it does save time, yes it does it does save time. [gets louder] Yes it does it does save TIME!



Jake: [leaps across the desks onto Amir] I'm going to kill you!



Amir: AHHH



Jake: [Yelling at and choking Amir] HOW IS IT A TIME SAVER? YOU'RE STILL WIPING, YOU'RE STILL SHITTING. YOU'RE STILL DOING BOTH THINGS.



Amir: I can't breathe!



Jake: EXPLAIN IT TO ME. EXPLAIN IT.



Amir: LET GO! All I'm saying is that if you wipe before you shit there's not a lot of shit there so you don't have to wipe as much! That's it! It's a time saver!



Jake: That's it? 



Amir: That's it, yeah.



Jake: That's really unsanitary. But I can see how you might say that's a time saver.



Amir: Because it saves time.



Jake: It still doesn't make any sense but, I can see your logic.



Amir: [nodding] What doesn't make sense?



Jake: I'll kill you.



Amir: GAHHH

													

														Jake: Hey everybody! This is Jake, and you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: Wow, you are trying way too hard.



Jake: Okay.







Amir: Now, question, and it's an important one so think wisely



Jake: Oh, damn it! Damn it. My computer crashed. I had a script on there, and I didn't save it.



Amir: (cringing) That sucks... Right?



Jake: Yeah. Thank you.



Amir: Sucks so hard. ...Doesn't it? ..Sucks so badly, doesn't it?



Jake: It's fine.



Amir: ...Sucks so bad and hard



Jake: Can you...



Amir: I'm not gonna sit here and tell you that it doesn't suck, okay?



Jake: Yeah, I agreed.. with you that it sucks, okay? Let's move on.



Amir: I'm not gonna sit here and watch you cry about it, 'cause that's not gonna help



Jake: I'm not crying. I'm not crying.



Amir: Yeah, you're not crying yet, but once the tears flow, how is that gonna save everything?



Jake: It'sIt would



Amir: TellTell me how the tears will help [Jake: I don't h], and I'll let you flow [Jake: They wouldn't help. Amir.]I'll let them flow out.. onto my shoulder.



Jake: TheyFine. Tears would not help them out



Amir: (mock crying) Oh my god, my filesI left my files home; it was so important



Jake: Wow, this wouldn't even be nice if I were upset.



Amir: (still mock crying) Oh, but now my day's ruined, and I have to eat cat food, and I don't know what to do because I don't like the dry ones, it's too crisy, and the wet ones are too soggy so I have to mix it together, but it still tastes too salty to eat. (cries and bangs desk) WHY?! (looking at computer) Oh, damn it...



Jake: You eat cat food?



Amir: Uh, yeah. Of course. [Pause, Jake confused.] Look at me. (laughs) Look at me. Hey! Look at me. Look at me.



Jake: Wow! This is great; it was on AutoSave.



Amir: Things are gonna be fine, okay?



Jake: Yeah! I got the file back.



Amir: Okay. If this is the worst thing that happened to you today... (laughs)



Jake: It's not.



Amir: Guess what? You have a very blessed life.



Jake: Thank you.



Amir: 'Cause that means you're not gonna die today. ...So, pretty good



Jake: I'm gonna get back to work.



Amir: Okay.



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														[Introduction] 



Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake's phone number. 



Jake: What are you talking about? 



Amir: I'm talking about 2031-



Jake (interrupting Amir): Okay! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! 



[Jake is sitting at a table in front of a rolling video camera]



Jake: Hi Mom, happy mother's day. I'm sorry I couldn't come home. But- But I'm gonna make you this video card, and I wrote and acrostic poem for you. Here it is: Laura. L is for your long hair- 



(Amir interrupts by sitting next to Jake and singing) 



Amir: L is for the way you look- 



Jake: What are you doing? 



Amir: at me! 



Jake: What are you doing?! 



Amir: O- What do you mean what am I doing, isn't it obvious? I'm showing you up. 



Jake: How? 



Amir: It's- It's a song. Which is like poetry, except it's not gay, 'cause you sing it. 



Jake: Poetry's not gay. 



Amir (singing): Isn't it ga-



Jake (interrupting): It's not. 



Amir: Kay, so... 



Jake: A is for your arms, young and strong. 



(Amir laughs) 



Jake: What?



Amir: That was bad. (laughs)



Jake: What would you have said? 



Amir: Aura. 



[Jump cut] 



Jake: A is for aura. Young and strong. U is for umbrella- 



Amir (interrupts, laughing): Wow, umbrella? 



Jake: Come on. 



Amir: U should be for uninspired, or unapologetically underwhelming. YOU should go back to poetry school. 



Jake: Don't just insult me, alright? God! It's easy to say un-this or un-that, but theres no un that's a positive that I could use in the video. 



Amir: What about... 



[Jump cut] 



Jake: U is for unyielding, in your unrelating love. 



Amir: unrelenting. 



Jake: What? 



Amir: Unrelenting. 



Jake: Unre- I said that, you f***! 



[Jump cut] 



Jake: U is for unyielding, in your unrelenting love. And R is for... Just tell me what you have here, I hate mine. 



(Amir looks at the page, laughs and spits all over Jake) 



Jake: Oh! You spit all over me! Shu- Shut up. This is a rough draft. 



Amir (still laughing): Still. Rigatoni? 



Jake: It's a pasta she used to make. 



Amir: Really? 



Jake: Spaghetti, but that doesn't start with an R, alright? 



Amir: Yeah, that's close enough. I'm sure she'd appreciate that. 



[Jump cut] 



Jake: R is for raising me. A gift that you continued to give me throughout my childhood. A is for arms- 



Amir: Again. 



Jake: Yup. 



Amir: Arms again... 



Jake: She has two, right? Does she have two arms? How many arms does she have? 



Amir: I think she has two, but- 



Jake: Okay. 



(Jake and Amir banter and mumble to each other) 



Amir: Go for it then. 



Jake: I am gonna go for it. 



Amir: Because it's gonna be good when you say it twice. 



Jake: I will. 



(more banter) 



Amir: Yeah, I'm sure she loves you whether you say arms twice. 



[Jump cut] 



Jake: A is for appreciation, which I owe you eternally. Happy mother's day. 



Amir: Jake also got you a gift card for $100 to a spa. 



Jake: I didn't do that, so don't- 



Amir (Shows Jake a gift certificate): Yes, you did. 



Jake (grabbing the card from Amir): I did! Yes I did. Alright, love you mom. 



(Jake turns off the recording) 



Amir: So... 



Jake: This is great. Thanks, man. 



Amir: No probs. 



Jake: What did you get your mom? 



Amir: I didn't get her anything, because mother's day is a Hallmark holiday. So... 



Jake: Wow... Didn't you say it's also her birthday? 



Amir: It is also her birthday, yes. 



Jake: Okay... 



Amir: Two Hallmark holidays for the price of one. Free! (laughs) 



Jake: 'Cause why expend shit?



Amir: 'Cause I ain't spendin' anythin'! (tries to take the card away from Jake) Can I get that card back, actually, because it's also her anniversary- 



Jake: Okay, no. Because you already gave it to me. 



Amir: Well it already expired!

													

														INTRO:



AMIR: Hey, you're watching Jake and me!



JAKE: Say your name.



AMIR: Jinx!



JAKE: Nope.



AMIR: ..K.







[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks.]



(Jake picks up his cell phone, calls someone, and holds it up to his ear.)



JAKE: (to the phone) Yo!



AMIR: (to Jake, thinking he is talking to him) Yo!



JAKE: Yo yo!



AMIR: Yo yo yo--



JAKE: Whattup, my man?



AMIR: (laughs) I dunno--



JAKE: How are things?



AMIR: Yeah, n- they're good.



JAKE: Dude I have a question for you actually.



AMIR: Wassap.



JAKE: (speaking directly into the phone's mic) How's your mom?



AMIR: She's fin--



JAKE: HAHAHAHAHAHhaha (continues laughing)



AMIR: (laughing along) How's your mom? Heh.. What?



JAKE: (laughing) Oh, no dude what happened to you last night?



AMIR: I wen- I went home and I had a whole box of Saltines without water, which seems to be impossibl--



JAKE: Dude, you went home with her!



AMIR: No I..--



JAKE: You did!



AMIR: Did I?



JAKE: You went home with her.



AMIR: Who-- I know.



JAKE: I know you.



AMIR: I know me.



JAKE: Don't-- Don't come to me like I don't know you.



AMIR: HAHAh- I don't wanna.. do that.



JAKE: I know you, man.



AMIR: (laughing) I know you.



JAKE: What do we always say?



AMIR: (smiling) What do we say?--



JAKE: You tell me what we always say.



AMIR: (smiling) How we say ittt, aahh!



JAKE: We ride together, we die together, 'til the day we die, mothaf**kaa!



AMIR: (trying to say it at the same time as Jake) --Die together.. (laughs hard) We do say that!



JAKE: Seriously though man, I love you.



AMIR: (goes quiet) Aah.. ehh..--



JAKE: Alright, it's good to hear from you.



AMIR: Good to hear-...



JAKE: We're breaking up, I think.



AMIR: nAAH I love you too.



JAKE: Hello?



AMIR: Hello?



JAKE: We're breaking up.



AMIR: Why?



JAKE: Noono we're back!



AMIR: HAha! We're back! (in a bad Rick James impression) We're back James, bitch!



JAKE: (to Amir) SHH!



AMIR: SHH! SHH SHH! (dancing) SHH SHH, SHH SHH, SHH SHH, SHHHHHEOUGHHH (makes a rocket launch noise, then an explosion noise)



JAKE: (to the phone) Aight dude, yeah, I should get back to work. But it's great to hear from you! Aight, I'll talk to you later. See ya, Joe!



AMIR: See ya, Joe...



JAKE: Aight, bye Joe.



AMIR: You were on the phone.



JAKE: (to Amir) Yeah.



AMIR: (strung together, silly voice) For a split second I thought you were talking to me!



JAKE: Yeah I was on the phone.



AMIR: I know.



(Amir gets up and throws water from a cup into Jake's face, then throws the cup down in his lap in anger.)



JAKE: WHAT THE H--



END.

													

														[Intro]

Amir: [In an over the top British accent] Hey you're watching Jake and Amir, see?



Jake: Why are you talking like that?



Amir: Nyaa!



Jake: Alright...



[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks. Amir is watching a video on his computer with headphones plugged in. He takes handfuls of chips out of a bag and shoves them into his mouth as he laughs loudly. Jake is visibly annoyed but says nothing.]



Amir: [Laughs hysterically but then suddenly turns straight faced] Oh



[Amir starts laughing again and continues eating. He finishes the chips and starts to eat through the bottom of the packet. He then eats through his jeans. Jake is joined by Sarah and David and they all watch in silence as Amir tears of some of his skin and eats it, still laughing. Amir's laughs become closer to crying sounds as he pulls chunks of his leg out and puts them in his mouth. Jake is joined by Murph, Kevin and Caldwell and they all watch in horror as Amir tears out a bone from his leg and bites into it]



Jake: Hey dude



Amir: [Taking off his headphones] What's up?



Jake: Can I have a chip?



Amir: Yeah [Amir laughs. As he looks down into the chip packet his smile disappears and he looks back at Jake. He then screams]

													

														Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!



Amir: Nice mustache!



Jake: I don't have a mustache....



Amir: They don't know that!







[Amir is on his computer at his desk, Jake is walking to his desk with a bowl of cereal]



Amir: [Getting up] Oh! Here we go! [Runs up to Jake]



Jake: Whoa! Hey! Hey! No!



[Amir kicks the cereal out of Jake's hands, sending it flying all over 

Jake and the Golden Tee machine]



Amir: Boom, baby!



Jake: Why?



Amir: [Yelling] Whoo!



Jake: 'Whoo!' what?



Amir: The uhh.... my kick. Hey, can I actually ask you a super personal question....



Jake: No! You can't!



Amir: OK, you've been acting like a real bitch ever since that kick, did I say something to you? Or do something?



Jake: You did something to me! You kicked cereal into my face!



Sarah: Jake, come on, you know the saying, there's no use crying over spilled milk!



Amir: That's not a phrase, OK? Nobody's talking to you!



Jake: She's defending you! And that is the phrase! I can't believe this, this is insane! I have to go home now! [Puts on sunglasses] I have to go home and shower! [Starts walking away].



Amir: Jake, wait! [Jake turns around] OK your sunglasses look ridiculous and stupid! They look really dumb!



Jake: OK, well it doesn't matter 'cause I'm just gonna go....



Amir: [Singing] Na na naaa na..... na na naaa na.....



All except Jake: [Joining Amir] Hey hey hey! Good bye!



[Jake walks out embarrassed]



Amir: [Lauging] Haha, Mondays!



Sarah: It's Tuesday....



Amir: Whatever.

													

														Jake: Hey you are watching Jake and Amir



Amir: And



Jake: That's it



Amir: Really? I though there was one more







[Jake and Amir are at their desks]



[Jake is trying to solve a Rubik's Cube]



Amir: Okay just give me that cube already ok it's so frustrating watching you try to solve it.



Jake: You think you could solve the Rubik's Cube?



Amir: I could solve any cube: Rubik's Cube . . . [long silence] . . . etcetera



Jake: So do you want the Rubik's Cube?



Amir: Only if you want me to solve the Rubik's Cube that depends on whether [Jake throws the cube and hits Amir in the face] . . . OW!



Jake: Sorry about that



Amir: This really kills



Jake: I thought you were ready



Amir: Okay you threw this on purpose!



Jake: Ya, you asked me for the Rubik's Cube so yes I threw it on purpose



Amir: You admit it



Jake: Not that I meant to hurt you



Amir: Alright I'm throwing this back at your face alright. Oh, do I have a bump?



Jake: I don't know



Amir: Here give me your hand. Do you feel this? Do you feel this? [Amir is rubbing his own hand on his face]



Jake: That's your hand



Amir: Do you feel this?



Jake: That's your hand



Amir: Well ya I feel it ok. I'm throwing this dumb thing back at your face right now.



Jake: Stop saying that! Why would that make you feel better?



Amir: It wouldn't make me feel better, it would make you feel worse



Jake: Why do you wanna make me feel worse?



[Amir fakes throwing the cube at Jake and Jake is flinching]



Amir: Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. ya. ya. ya. ya. ya. ya.



Jake: Don't. stop. don't. Amir. please don't. stop. stop it!



Amir: You're scared right, now you know how I felt



Jake: You weren't scared you never saw it coming



Amir: Oh bull spit, I saw it coming at me, on me, or in me



Jake: You're right with at me and look here [Jake slaps his forehead] that hurt my forehead alright we're even



Amir: Ok, ha, we are homies again



Jake: Alright, hey [Jake slaps his forehead] now you owe me one



Amir: Ha ha [Slaps his forehead] ha, oh my gosh that didn't even hurt at all



[Amir Throws the cube to Jake, he catches it]



Amir: And no catching, I didn't catch it!



[Jake examines the solved cube]







Episode Link



Don't get puzzled. Get even.

													

														INTRO:



AMIR: For all of us here at Jake and Amir, happy holidays



JAKE: Wow, not even close.



AMIR: Whateva



EPISODE:



AMIR: UHHHHHH what book are you reading?



JAKE: It's a newspaper.



AMIR: No shit, that's why I asked what you were reading.



JAKE: Okay, what?



AMIR: Okay what?



JAKE: I was reading about this oil spill.



AMIR: Tell me about it. No news is good new though.



JAKE: Well there is news and its bad news.



AMIR: Yeah that's why... It proves my point.



JAKE: I hate when you're accidentally right. 



JAKE: Basically there was an accident and there is a well pumping hundreds of thousands of gallons of oil into the ocean every single day.



AMIR: What's the big deal, just stuff it with garbage, that's what I would do.



JAKE: Wow they actually thought of that and it's insanely disappointing that you're coming up with the same solutions as they are.



AMIR: Yeah... disappointing for me? Err...



JAKE: For the world.



AMIR: For the wolf.



JAKE: For the world.



AMIR: I think the scariest thing isn't the rate at which the oil is spilling but rather spiders! Okay those things are freaky for real.



JAKE: Yeah.



AMIR: "Yeah" you agree or "Yeah" you're just getting me to shut up?



AMIR: If you could change one thing about the oil spill what would it be...



JAKE: The rig would never explode



AMIR: ...and why? Hmm, little harder than you thought.



AMIR: Soil, foil, Susan Boyle.



JAKE: Can you go back to your desk?



AMIR: Noil



AMIR: Drill baby drill huh, more like kill baby krill.



JAKE: That's actually kind of clever.



AMIR: If only krill was a word.



JAKE: Okay never mind.



AMIR: Yeah forget it. Forget it, it's got it, it's gone.



JAKE: Yup.



AMIR: There's this episode of Saved by the Bell where uh...



JAKE: With the oil spill?



AMIR: No the one where Zach impersonates a Russian chess player from Valley and let's Screech beat him.



JAKE: Why would you bring that up now?



AMIR: Cuz it's funny!



AMIR: As sad as this whole oil spill thing is, it might be like the one catalyst that sort of springs us and the world in general to sort of think about alternative energy sources going forward.



JAKE: You might be right, you might be right.



AMIR: Yeah... I'm just KIDDING you idiot! Haha you Carfucker I got you! Yeah how about an automobile that runs on ocean water so that when the ocean water spills into the ocean nobody gives a crap? How about...



AMIR: You know this whole thing wouldn't be an issue if oil was more dense than water, like I suggested!



AMIR: Ah no no no kay kay kay, here we go. How about an automobile that's run on stupid ideas so we can just hook a pump to your ass and you can fart out these shitty ill-conceived notions for the rest of time and we can just power every car in America for the next thirty years. How 'bout that! Or, what about, thinking solar for once.



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO Jake - Hey, you're watching Jake and Am--



Amir - Let me guess!



Jake - Jake and Amir.



Amir - LET ME GUESS! 







(Amir is driving, Jake is in the passenger seat)



AMIR: Hey, thanks for coming.



JAKE: No problem, man.  I'll go to a Yankee game anytime. (Amir chuckles) Hey, speed up a little bit, you're going like 8 miles per hour. 



AMIR: Yeah, what's the speed limit?



JAKE: It's 65.



AMIR: OK, I got a little wiggle room. 



JAKE: How'd you get the tickets, by the way?



AMIR: Well they were super cheap. I guess no one wants to see the Reds play.  



JAKE: Why not, dude? It's inter-league play, at Yankee Stadium, it's pretty cool.



AMIR: (laughs) Not quite at Yankee Stadium, the game is in Cincinnati. 



JAKE: All right, pull over.



AMIR: Da-nati. 



JAKE: Pull over, man.



AMIR: The nati, shasta macnati. What's up?



JAKE: I said pull over, all right? I don't want to go to Cincinnati. 



AMIR: We're almost there, relax! 



JAKE: We are not almost there, we just left, OK? And the game is in two hours, we're going to miss it.



AMIR: We're not - (sighs). The game is not in two hours, check the date, it's in 26 hours, idiot. OK, so we're barely going to miss it.



JAKE: But we're still missing the game. 



AMIR: Yeah, a little bit, but what's the big deal when you got (high pitched) the Overbeck Pottery Museum! 



JAKE: Doesn't sound like it's in Cincinnati, it sounds like it's in Overbeck. 



AMIR: Yeah, well you're wrong, again, because it's not in either; it's in Cambridge City, Indiana, which sounds far away but it's actually only a six hour drive from Cincinnati, which means road trip #2!



JAKE: OK, well I don't want to go on road trip number one, so just please pull over. 



AMIR: That's fine. You're just being a little bit of a buzz kill right now but what you need is a high level of the tickle monster! (lets go of wheel to try and tickle Jake)



JAKE: OK, pull--Watch the road! Watch the road!



AMIR: (grabs wheel again) Oh my god! 



JAKE:  Geez! You're going to kill both of us.  You're going to kill us.  Let me drive. 



AMIR: N-n-n-n-no. I know what you're trying to do, you're trying to get me to let go of the steering wheel. It's not  gonna happen, OK? I don't trust you. 



JAKE: (sighs) I know a short cut. 



AMIR: Do you? OK, let's stop right here then. 



(they pull into a parking lot and Amir gets out to walk around the van while Jake slides over inside)



AMIR: (while walking around to other side) But I hope you realize that this move, this little switch, makes me the DJ of this party-mobile. That's right, all party tunes, all the time. Me and you, haha, OK, uh...



(Jake pulls away while Amir is trying at the locked passenger door) 



AMIR: (on cell leaving voicemail) J.K., it's me, uh, (chuckles) you're an idiot. Look to your right, man.  You are going to realize that I am not there. (chuckles again)



(cut)



Mom, it's me, yeah, uh, I'm kind of stranded.



(cuts back to leaving a voicemail)



Jake, you are going to be such an idiot when you look and realize I'm not there anymore.  Come back, all right? Or call me, buh-bye. (tries calling again) Pick up. Pick up. Pick up. J.K. It's me, uh . . . 



THE END.  



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVvBC7RXPJ0

													

														INTRO:



AMIR: Hey, you're watching Goodwill Hunting, starring Denzel Washington.



JAKE: Wow, you are so wrong.







[Jake flushes the urinal he was using and walks over to begin washing his hands in the sink. He looks in the mirror and sees Amir in a stall asleep on the toilet with the door open. He walks over to Amir.]



JAKE: Hey.



(Amir remains asleep. Jake kicks the toilet paper holder on which Amir's head rests.)



JAKE: Hey!



(Amir wakes up.)



AMIR: AAAaaahhhwwwwazzaapp?



JAKE: Not too much, you fell asleep while you were taking a s***.



AMIR: (putting on his glasses) Nah. I'm good.



JAKE: Well you were on the toilet, and you were sleeping, so.



AMIR: So yeah, I can see why you'd think that, based on all this (gesturing around).



JAKE: Why is the door open?



AMIR: Door is open because I um... (makes a door-closing gesture)... Alright FINE I was asleep, ok you caught me!



JAKE: Yeah I know you were asleep, but thank you for being honest on your second try; doesn't explain the door.



AMIR: Jake, ok, I'm sorry, it's too early for this.



JAKE: It's four in the afternoon.



AMIR: Yes, well the door is open because I fell asleep before I got a chance to close it, ok?



JAKE: Ok, yeah, closing it should be the first thing you do, though.



AMIR: Yeah, it was going to be, but I (makes a snoring noise) zonked out.



JAKE: Ya zonked out, well you had time to take your pants off, so I know you're lying.



AMIR: (smiling) Ya caught me again. You BASTARD! Hahaha, you're on today! (Extends his arm for a high five.)



JAKE: Don't.. try to touch me. It's not even that I'm mad. It's just that we were about to start a meeting, you excused yourself, you said I'll be back in one second, and I asked you where you were going, and you said I'm going to get everybody treats.



AMIR: Oh, no, the treats.



JAKE: Nonono, don't.. worry about that. It's just, Ricky said that he didn't think it was such a good idea, and then you winked at him (Amir winks), and you said (in a silly voice) trust me, when I get back with these treats, it's gonna be a good idea, (Amir mouths the words along with Jake) and then he said Trust me, it's not, and then you said I will be back in thirty seconds, forty-five tops (Amir mouths the words), the treats are on my desk, I just forgot to bring them to the meeting. And that was forty-five minutes ago.



AMIR: Yes, that's because it's better to ask for forgiveness, than for permission.



JAKE: Well you already asked for permission and he said no, so now you have to ask for both.



AMIR: Ok. Just wipe me and we can go, please.



JAKE: Sure, do you want me to wet the toilet paper?--



AMIR: Yes, please wet the toilet paper--



JAKE: Are you f***ing crazy, you think I'm gonna wipe you?



END.

													

														INTRO



AMIR: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!



JAKE: Good job.



AMIR: --biiitch!



JAKE: ..Never mind.







SARAH, JAKE and PAT are sitting on a couch, laughing and smiling. PAT is holding a picture in his hands.



PAT: Yes-- so, I-- I used to be a little fat.



JAKE: (takes the picture from PAT) A little fat? C'mon man, you're a blimp in this picture. There's nothing little about it.



SARAH: (takes the picture from JAKE) I can't tell if this is a family photo or if it's just you. (JAKE lets out a laugh)



PAT: ..Alright, alright.



JAKE: More like Fat Cassels, right?



SARAH (laughing): Nice!



AMIR shows up, holding a Rubik's Cube and laughing.



PAT mumbles something, before everyone stops laughing and turn to look at AMIR.



JAKE (to AMIR): What're you laughing about?



AMIR: Same.



JAKE: Same what?



AMIR: Same same.



JAKE: Same same what?



AMIR: Same same thing that you jokesters are laughing about.



SARAH: (shows the picture to AMIR) We're laughing about this.



AMIR takes the picture.



AMIR: (looking at the picture, smiling and laughing as he speaks) Oh my jee!



JAKE: Hey, don't make fun of him too much, Pat might get mad and eat us.



Everyone laughs, except PAT.



AMIR: Hey, I'd give Pat a candy bar but he'd just eat it! (laughs) ..No, I'm just messin' with you guys. (clears throat awkwardly)



JAKE: Well, I'm gonna go back to w--



AMIR: Ww- Pat! I saw Pat eating a sandwich yesterday. Lettuce, cheese, tomato-- everything. And what he didn't finish, he just threw away. (to PAT) What's the matter Pat, ain't you ever heard of leftovers for dinner? (laughs)



SARAH (to AMIR): Are you calling him fat or wasteful?



AMIR: Whatever, it's all the same, right, tubby?



SARAH: Are you calling *me* fat?



AMIR: ..No.



AMIR (to PAT): Hey Pat, I'd give you a gift certificate to a restaurant, (to all three) but he'd probably just spend it! (laughs)



PAT: ..Yeah..



AMIR: At the restaurant, maybe. (smirks)



PAT: ..I would.



AMIR: Oh my god, this guy's too fat to even realize he's admitting it! (laughs, then makes a farting noise with his mouth) Pat farted! (quietly) No...



JAKE: Wow, that was really bad.



AMIR: What? Smelled bad maybe.



JAKE: So you did hear me.



AMIR: Yeah, smelled like food, (pointing at PAT) 'cuz that's what this guy had.. for breakfast. Gobble, gobble (acting out putting stuff into his mouth).



PAT: That's what-- (AMIR: Gobble) --That is what everyone has for breakfast.



AMIR: I KNOW. I'm messing with you, maan.



PAT: Yeah, well you're really bad at it.



AMIR: No.



SARAH: Yeah seriously Amir, don't make fun of me, I don't want anyone to know I had food for breakfast.



Everyone laughs.



AMIR (interrupting shouting over the laughing): Yeah well at least my little brother didn't die!



Everyone stops laughing.



PAT: (quietly, to himself) Ahm.. 



AMIR: ..So.



Several more seconds of silence pass.



AMIR: (quietly, with silence in between) Um. Um. No... So.



PAT pats JAKE's leg and stands up. He pats Amir on the shoulder before walking away.



PAT (sniffs, almost crying): Fine. It's funny man. Really funny.



AMIR: C'mon! I was messing with him!													

														Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: Wow, you're so good. Why don't you just do all the intros without me?



Jake: Fine.



Amir: NO!







[Amir is playing with a Rubik's Cube.]



Jake: Wow, you are still playing with that toy.



Amir: Uh, it's not a toy; it's a 3D puzzle game. Yeah...



Jake: (mocking Amir) It's not a toy; it's a 3D puzzle game, meah MEAH! You know what you sound like, man? Heh... Show me how to solve it.



Amir: Show you?



Jake: Just show me how to solve it.



Amir: Oh, teach you how to solve the cube?



Jake: No, no, no, what could you possibly teach me?



Amir: Uh... how to.. solve it.



Jake: Okay, well then why aren't you doing it?



Amir: Um... I will. Okay, so basically, it's simple. The first step is



Jake: Amir, Amir, I know it's simple. Otherwise, you wouldn't be able to do it. [Jake smooches.]



Amir: Right. I guess so. Uh, you don't know how to do it, though, so...



Jake: Why don't you teach me how to do it; then I'll show you how well I can do it, a LOT weller than you could ever do it.



Amir: Weller. Okay, uh, so the first step is to do the entire front face the same, so right now



Jake: And then all the other steps are getting all of the other blocks the same, right? Why don't you not tell me WHAT to do, but tell me HOW to do it? How! Now!



Amir: Okay (said as Oh-kay)... uh, yeah. So, well, then it's not called blocks; it's called cubes.



Jake: Okay, cool. You're gonna treat me like a baby, then I'mma leave.



[Jake gets up halfway and pauses.]



Jake: And you're not even gonna try to stop me. WOW, you're the worst teacher ever, and yet I'm still able to learn from you. ...And I will master the art.



Amir: Uh... right, so, uh, there are algorithms in play, so you wanna



Jake: I know what algorithms are.



Amir: I didn't say you didn't know what algorithms were.



Jake: Well, what are they?



Amir: Um, they're ways to move the cube so that you don't mess up what you already have, so right now



Jake: I was the first kid in my grade to be able to solve one of these actually, y'know that? And then, I was like, Oh, there's a lot more important things to worry about, like getting laid! So I became the master of that.



Amir: ...Right. So this one's called Right Inverted, Down Inverted, Right, Down.



Jake: I'm gonna beat you right down, if you don't slow down, right now, okay? All of that went right over my head.



Amir: Right, well, we're getting close, so just pay attention.



Jake: How random would it be if I just punched you in the head right now?



[Jake starts raising his fist repeatedly.]



Jake: Right, directly, in the skull. Knocked out your lights.



Amir: Whoa.



Jake: Scared? Scared? Who has the upper hand? 'Cause you know what, kid? There are book smarts, and there are street smarts. And I got both; you got neith



Amir: Done! Hehe.



[Amir hands Jake the Rubik's Cube, gets up, and leaves out the door.]



Jake: Wow, that took you, like, four hours. Congratulations, that was amazing. Thethe slowest solving of the Rubik's Cube ever!



[Jake gets up and moves to the door.]



Jake: Wow, check it out! I gotyo, I solved the cube! Everybody!



[Jake tries to turn the door knob.]



Jake: Very funny; who locked the door?







[Jake is still locked in the room.]



Jake: I might run out of air in here!



[Jake takes out his phone.]



Jake: (high-pitched voice) Oh no! I'm gonna die! (normal voice)  No, I'm not, 'cause I have a cell phone, and I'll text someone to come let me out!



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Am-



Amir (interrupting): OW! I stubbed my toe!



Jake: How? You weren't moving.



Amir: Oh yeah! I'm fine.







Amir: What are you doing, and don't say pooing. (laugh) I'm a poet and I didn't even know that I was one of them.



Jake: You know, that sounded really planned out actually, and you still didn't get it right.



Amir: Private, answer the captain's question!



Jake: I'm filling out my world cup bracket.



Amir: Oooh, very good, but a little too late.



Jake: It's not too late, it starts this weekend.



Amir: Yes. Oh, 2010 world cup.



Jake: Yeah.



Amir: Who ya got?



Jake: I have U-



Amir (interrupting): Who ya got?



Jake: I'll tell you-



Amir (interrupting): Who ya got, ya got, ya got shot (loud farting/shitting noise) Ohhh, no, excuse me Mr. 

Officer!



Jake: Go to the bathroom.



Amir: Stop yelling about it!



Jake: I'm not yelling about it, you just screamed 'excuse me Mr. Officer' and you clearly shit your pants, so go to the bathroom.



Amir: Why don't you be a little more loud about it, ok? I don't think everybody on the third floor heard you.

Jake: We're on the third floor



Amir: Who ya got?



Jake: I got Spain. Go to the bathroom.



Amir: You have Spain going to the bathroom?



Jake: Y-yeah, no...



Amir: Aha, Jake has Spain going to the bathroom!



Patrick: What smells like shit?



Amir: Oh, fuck me, Jake, you have to help me out. Cmon' they're onto us!



Jake: They're on to you, I have nothing to do with this.



Amir: Jake shit his pants!



Amir: I'm so sorry, I owe you one.



Jake: You shouldn't have called any attention to it, ok? Why don't you just say you farted



Amir: I did fart, but then I shit, ok? I'm not going to lie about it.



Jake: I don't understand why you haven't gone to the bathroom yet.



Amir: Who ya got?



Jake: You know who I got, I got Spain.



Murph: Ah, yeah. Something definitely smells like shit.



Amir: Oh sheesh y'all, 'tis a nightmare!



Jake: You can still get out of this.



Amir: Ok, just tell me what to do and I'll do it-



Jake (talking over Amir): Go to the bathroom.



Amir (talking over Jake): I swear I'll do it.



Jake: Go to the bathroom-



Amir (said as Jake repeats 'Go to the bathroom'): I swear I'll do it, just tell me what to do.



Amir: (loud sharting sound) Uuuhhh, FML. Not once, big time.													

														Amir: Hey it's Amir, and your watching Jake and Amir, and...



Jake: Why are you crying?



Amir: I don't know.







Painter: (singing) Hey my name is Drake. Do you know my buddy, Samuel? He has a razor scooter. Go Samuel!



Jake: Oh, wow.



Amir: Ahh, Jake get out.



Jake: What do you mean get out? This is an office.



Painter: Wait, no no no. When I have a paint brush in my hand this becomes a studio.



Jake: No, it's an office.



Amir: Jake, you can't see me like this.



Jake: You can't be here like this.



Painter: (With a cigarette in his mouth) Is there some law that says you cannot hang out in an office without your...



Jake: What?



Ben: (Spits out cigarette) Is there some law that says you can't hang out in an office with no clothes on?



Jake: There probably is.



Painter: I didn't hear you say the word 'yes,' so imma keep goin.



Amir: Jake, I am naked!



Jake: I know you're naked, we're on the same page about that. Why are you embarrased about me seeing you naked when there are all these other people around?



Amir: I'm not embarrassed, ok? It's just supposed to be a surprise.



Jake: You wanted to surprise me with this?



Painter: I can't believe you just touched my painting.



Amir: What the heck is that?!



Painter: It's your masterpiece, man.



Amir: No, no. You said I could pose like that for inspiration, but the actual masterpiece would be of me and Jake on a tandem bike or a skateboard.



Painter: You're gonna be on a tandem bicycle, but I'm gonna warn you, it's gonna be hard drawin him on a bicycle, what with all that **** in the gears.



Amir: Have mercy.



Jake: Stop. Look, your plan was to give me this painting?



Amir: No, my plan was to auction off the painting and split the money with you, 80-20 huh. Now I'm starting to have serious doubts. Well, not serious doubts but im starting to...



Jake: You should have serious doubts about it, ok? That's a horrendous plan.



Painter: You think it's a horrendous plan?



Jake: Yes.



Painter: You don't think he can auction off this painting?



Jake: No.



Painter: Well, then listen to this. (Begins to quickly speak non-sense, in an auctioneer style.)



Amir: I got ten dollars.



Painter: I got ten dollars from Amir. (Continues with the 'auction')



Jake: You're doing it wrong.



Amir: A hundred dollars.



Painter: Hundred dollars from Amir. (Continues) 



Amir: Hundred fifty



Painter: Hundred fifty sold.



Amir: Two hundred



Painter: We're on two dundred dollars



Amir: Two fifty.



Painter: To two hundred fifty. Congratulations, sir.



Amir: This is insane!



Jake: It is, yeah.



Amir: I'm rich!



Jake: No, you're not. You don't understand how auctions work.



Painter: And you have some art.



Jake: Neither do you.



Painter: Well...



Amir: I don't know what you're complaining about, ok? I'm gonna take us to dinner with the money that we made.



Jake: What money? You just spent two hundred and fifty dollars.



Amir: Correction.



Jake: What?



Amir: You just corrected me.



Jake: Gotcha.



Painter: Guys, there still is the matter of my payment.



Amir: (gasp)



Episode Link!

													

														[Starts with a quick recap of the previous episode]







Jake: Hey, it's Jake and Amir



Amir: [incoherent high-pitched noise]



Jake: What are you doing?



Amir: Sorry I freaked out



Jake: Ya







[Amir, still naked, pays the painter (Ben Schwartz) 7 bills]



Amir: that's it



Painter: OK, thanks guys, take care [and walks away]



[Amir looks at Jake and shrugs]







Episode Link



Paying people back is a bitch

													

														INTRO Amir - All right. New rules.  I'll introduce the videos, if and only if--



Jake - Time's up. 



Amir - Dang it. 







AMIR: Babe .  .  .  baaaabe.



JAKE: I really hope you're not talking to me. 



AMIR: I'm not.  Did you get the letter I sent you, babe?



JAKE: I didn't. Did you send me a letter?



AMIR: I did. I did send you a letter, and let me know when you get it because there's a couple things that I want to clarify.  Firstly, in the opening paragraph--



JAKE: I said I didn't get the letter.



AMIR: OK, just let me know when you do because I left some things intentionally ambiguous. 



JAKE: Why would you intentionally leave things ambiguous?



AMIR: So that I could clarify them later. Oooh!



JAKE: OK, well I'll let you know.  



AMIR: Please do. Please do-do. (chuckles) Please do-do, but not in my tea, or in my coffee! Haha, no. 



JAKE: Where'd you send it? Where'd you send the letter? What name and address did you put on it?  Cool, so I'm not going to get the letter. 



AMIR: Oh. You'll get the letter.



JAKE: I'm not going to get the letter, not if you didn't put a name and address on the envelope. 



AMIR: OK, I don't want to argue with you anymore about this stupid letter!



JAKE: OK, you shouldn't.



AMIR: OK, you're going to get it, and we're going to laugh. And we're going to laugh and we're going to crack up when you read it. 



JAKE: Even if I did get the letter--



AMIR: Which you will.



JAKE: --I don't think I'd laugh about it. I definitely wouldn't crack up. 



AMIR: OK, forget it. I'm going to change the subject. (pause) What do you think is in the letter?



JAKE: How is that changing the subject?



AMIR: (rapidly) Because before we were talking about whether or not you would get it and now we're talking about the contents of the letter. 



JAKE: Still sounds like we're talking about the letter. 



AMIR: Yeah, well I'm not going to not talk about the letter, I want to talk about the letter!



JAKE: OK, you know what? I got the letter.  I got the letter and it's at home and I'll read it and we'll talk about it tomorrow. 



AMIR: You didn't get the letter.



JAKE: How do you know that?



AMIR: Because I never sent a letter!



JAKE: Oh my god!



AMIR: You placate me too often.  I address that in the letter.  (pause) Somewhat ambiguously, but I would clarify it later. (pause) Any odds you already got it? 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmFx7Eoe34A

													

														Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. (silence) Wow, these are easier without you.







[Amir is banging some crabs with a crab mallet.]



Jake: What are you doing?



Amir: Eating lunch; is that okay? Or is it not lunchtime yet?



Jake: It's 9:30 in the morning.



Amir: Oh...



Jake: Are you eating crabs?



Amir: Crabs, lobster, shrimp, anything with a shell.



Jake: Looks like it's mostly crabs.



Amir: Turtles also have shells.



Jake: How did you get crabs?



Amir: That's how she said. (laughs)



Jake: How she said what?



Amir: A how-she says what?



Jake: You're getting further away from it.



Amir: You're a how-she.



Jake: Where did you get crabs from around here?



Amir: From a guy in front of our building.



Jake: Wow, so you bought crabs from a guy at, like, at a stand?



Amir: No, I bought crabs from, like, a guy in a truck?



Jake: Like a lunch truck...?



Amir: Like a pickup truck?



Jake: So you bought crabs from a total stranger without any concern of foodborne illnesses?



Amir: No! I bought crabs with money!



Jake: Okay, well, I think you smashed them enough, all right? You're getting pieces of shell and meat everywhere.



Amir: Okay, well, it's still alive!



Jake: Oh my god, you bought live crabs, and you brought them into the office.



Amir: What, you want me to eat these alone outside? (lifts up bag of crabs as they fall out) OH NO!



Jake: Wow, everybody tuck your pants into your socks!



Amir: Yeah, and tuck the crabs into your pants, okay? I want these babies back dead or alive! Preferably both.



Jake: How both?



Amir: One of each! Oh! (tosses mallet)



Jake: Not clever.



Amir: Clever like a cra-OWW! ONE'S GRABBING MY DI



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														Opening Sequence



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Jake: Good, great job.



Amir: Likewise.







Episode



Jake: Wow, this is a very strongly worded all email



Amir: What?



Jake: It's a very strongly worded all email.



Amir: Thank you.



Jake: Yeah. You know everybody at the company gets those, right?



Amir: I do. Now I do.



Jake: So 120 people just read your email: Who the f**k stole my headphones? Return them at once or I'll kill you.



Amir: Pay to play, baby. Pay to play... baby.



Jake: They're around your neck. You were just listening to music on them.



Amir: No.



Jake: You also just said pay to play, which doesn't make any sense in this conand here's another all email from you: The coward 

thief has emerged from his cave of lies to return my headphones. For a picture of this villainous foe click here.



(Jake clicks, and Never Gonna Give You Up plays)



Jake: And it's a link to the Rick Roll video.



Amir: Pay to play!



Jake: You just wrote another emailI don't know how you're sending them so fastbut this one's a picture of Kayne West and it says, 

Hey headphone thief, I'm really happy for you and I'mma let you finish, but the Hamburglar was the best thief of all time. Nice.



Amir: Rick Roll'd, bitch!



Jake: I think you're like one step behind me, alright. People are responding to be removed from the thread. So maybe justokay, here we 

go: Who dares asks to be removed from this thread?



Amir: Yeah.



Jake: You can see it, you can see exactly who sends the emails.



Amir: Show yourselves.



Jake: Don't send that. Just put your hands up, alright. Stop typing. Okay, so you wrote never. Respond verbally, to me.



Amir: You know whatyou're right, I'm just going to start unsending these, one by one.



Jake: You wrote unsend. You keep sending the word unsend. Unsend, unsend, unsend. Please do not read, I'm begging you. The 

villainous foe is still among you, just kidding. Stop! Just stop it. Okay?



Amir: Alright, you know what, they want silence? If they want silence, I'm gonna give them silence. I'm gonna give them radio silence! 

Not word one from me, not a peep, starting, now.



Jake and Amir: Now. Now.



Jake: Now. You're sending emails. How do you like that? Do you like being ignored? It sucks, doesn't it? Two can play the quiet game.

													

														INTRO



A: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, and I can dunk a basketball.



J: No one will believe that.



A: Well, they don't have to.



J: ...what?







[Jake is at work when he gets a Skype call. Disgruntled, he answers it.]



A: [singing  dancing] California girls, they're unforgettable; daisy dukes, bikinis on top -



J: [interrupting] How was your aunt's funeral?



A: Fine. 'Sup with you?



J: Not much man, I'm at work.



A: Enough about me; let's talk about you.



J: ...We were.



A: [in a high-pitched voice] Check your inbox!



J: [clicks his mouse] Wow, a plane ticket.



A: Can't wait to see you, bro. [lifts up fist to the camera as if to ask Jake to props him via Skype]



J: I'm not going anywhere. [puts his fist up to the camera, doing props with Amir]



A: Nowhere but up...ON A PLANE! [imitates a plane taking off and crashing with his hand]



J: Jesus Christ, this is a first-class ticket.



A: Only the best... [cups his hands around his mouth] for the best. [laughs]



J: You shouldn't have, and not in the polite way.



A: Fully 180-degree reclinable seats, four meals...



J: [incredulous] Four meals?!



A: Yeah, one per layover.



J: Wow, yeah; you have me flying through Singapore.



A: [making a stereotypical impersonation of an Asian person] Oh!! Taseito!! Hee hee hee!! [puts up the peace sign]



J: Aren't you in Queens? 'Cause I could take the subway.



A: Subways do NOT have in-flight HD TV, bro.



J: They don't have in-flight anything.



A: That's the Lustanza difference. [winks]



J: How did you think I was going to get TO the airport? 



A: Subway. Okay, I'm not paying for your cab; I'm already $2250 down in the hole. And that's cash I DON'T have. 



[knock on the Amir's door]



A: Can you hold on a second? 



[Amir leaves the camera so we only hear his voice and Jake's reactions]



A: What do you want, Mom?...Okay, I don't wanna SAY goodbye to Aunt Harold! She has a mustache! [higher pitch] Get OFF of me!! YOU'RE HURTING MEEEEE!!



[Jake hears a slapping noise, winces]



A: ...Ow! 



[Amir sits back down, holding his cheek] 



A: Hey dude, can I actually call you back?



J: We can definitely get off the phone; you don't have to worry about calling me back.



A: All right, bye. [tries to end the call, but fails] Arrrrrgghhh...uuuuuurrrrgggghhh, son of a bleach!! This frickin' krills!!! Uuuuurrrrggghhhh...gosh darnit [incoherent moans]



J: [watching uncomfortably] Dude, you have to hang up. You have to hang up; press the X.



A: [looks at the camera] ...What are you still doing here? Your flight's in 20 minutes. And take the subway!!







END

													

														Intro:



Jake: For more Jake and Amir check out facebook.com/jakeandamir.



Amir: You sell out.



Jake: You told me to say that.



Video:



Amir: Whoa, what's that?



Jake: An apple walnut muffin.



Amir: Don't mind if I do. [takes muffin]



Jake: I mind if you do. [Amir takes bite from muffin] 



Amir: [speak with a mouth full of muffin from now on] Whoa, what's in this?



Jake: It's an apple walnut muffin so apples, wal...



Amir: [interrupting] Oh no! [choking noise], I'm allergic to apples! [choking noise]



Jake: Ok if you're allergic to apples then just spit it out.



Amir: [choking noise] Well I'm allergic to other stuff, what else is in this?



Jake: What else are you allergic to?



Amir: Walnuts! [coughs] Eggs, yeast, flower, milk, muffins.



Jake: Alright, so you're listing things that are in muffins and then you also said muffins so definitely spit it out.



Amir: Peas



Jake: You're probably safe there but I'd still spit it out.



Amir: I can't spit it out, ok! My throat's closing! Why did you give this to me?



Jake: I didn't give it to you, you took it from me, knowing full well it was an apple walnut muffin.



Amir: [pointing to Jake's iMac] Well that's an apple walnut computer, you don't see me eating that.



Jake: Did you think my muffin was a computer?



Amir: I just realised I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die because of the muffin because of you; There's gonna be blood on your hands!



Jake: You're not gonna die!



Amir: I'm gonna die just like that president did.



Jake: What President died from a muffin?



Amir: [in a normal voice] Fun fact, Millard Fillmore.



Jake: Not true.



Amir: [starts choking again]



Jake: Spit it out! Spit it out!



Amir: My throat's closing, I can't spit it out!



Jake: [gets up and starts clawing the muffin out of Amir's mouth]



Amir: [disgusting choking noises]



[Jake finishes getting the muffin out of Amir's mouth]



Amir: Have you seen the new Facebook redesign? It's really whack; it's so bad.



Amir: Yeah, the way they do it is like really little, small, subtle changes so you don't notice it but I notice it. I think I'm gonna start a group that's called like, 1 million strong or 10 million strong against... well I haven't figured out the name of the group yet but it's definitely gonna be something like... [takes another bite of the muffin] [chokes] Ah!

													

														Intro:



Jake: You're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: So no hey?



Jake: I dunno man.



Amir: You're a dick.



Video:



Amir: Hey, do you have a minute?



Jake: No Amir, I don't, because for some reason you went onto my computer last night and you deleted every single one...



Amir: [interrupting] I'm pregnant!



Jake: You're pregnant?



Amir: Yeah.



Jake: You're pregnant?



Amir: Shit just got real, huh. Bet you feel pretty stupid for complaining about something as mondane and silly as email contacts now.



Jake: Fine, you're pregnant, ok.



Amir: Yeah, I had my doubts.



Jake: I have my doubts, yeah.



Amir: Mmhmm, but I'm fairly confident that I'm now with child.



Jake: Why don't you say all the reasons you think you're pregnant and I'll say all the reasons I think you're not.



Amir: Backaches.



Jake: You're a guy.



Amir: Headaches.



Jake: You're a guy.



Amir: Tender breasts.



Jake: You're a... tender breasts?



Amir: Very! [touches breast] Ow!



Jake: Guys can't get pregnant.



Amir: Then how do you explain my morning sickness?



Jake: What did you have for dinner last night?



Amir: 65 chicken nugget skins and an industrial size tin of expired ketchup that Leron found from an abandoned Wendy's.



Jake: So that sounds...



Amir: [interrupting] Wait, let me finish! Also some expired yoghurt, expired eggs...



Jake: [interrupting] You keep saying expired...



Amir: And something Leron calls, Satan's freckles, which is just stale wheat toast made moist in the middle by the tears that come out my eyes from when he tickles me too much.



Jake: You're not pregnant; and you shouldn't cry into bread.



Amir: I took a pregnancy test and I passed.



Jake: I doubt you've passed any test, ever.



Amir: [pulls out pregnancy test box] Ohhhhh! [in a high pitched voice]



Jake: Wow.



Amir: [pointing to pictures on the box] Plus, negative. I'm have a baby.



Jake: Did you take it out of the box?



Amir: Uhh, yes, I did.



Jake: So you didn't just pee on the box?



Amir: You think I just stood in the middle of a pharmacy and peed on a box and then they made me buy the box because they saw me pee on it?



Jake: I didn't think that 'til now. Let me see the box.



[Amir throw the box to Jake]



Jake: Yeah it's unopened and you definitely peed on it.



[Jake throws the box back to Amir]



Amir: [box lands on his chest] Ow! My tender breasts!

													

														Amir: One hundred thousand Facebook fans! W



Jake: (moves camera) I'm supposed to beI'm supposed to be in it, right?



Amir: Yeah, well, you were kind of in it before. I just wanted to.. spend some time thanking each and every one of you, one at a time.



Jake: Don't have time for that.



Amir: Joseph AbleIt was supposed to be five minutes, giving a little personal message to everyone of them.



Jake: I thought you were just gonna roll through the names; we definitely don't have time for five minutes.



Amir: How long would that possibly take?



Jake: Uh, a year.



Amir: Okay, what, you don't have timeooh, do you think you're gonna die in the next year, that you don't have time?



Jake: Please...



Amir: Do you think you're gonna die?



Jake: Just.. relax.



Amir: Do you think you're ever gonna die?



Jake: Amir.



Amir: ..Promise me you'll never ever, ever, ever, ever die.



Jake: I'm gonna stopI'm gonna stop recording.



THE END



VIDEO LINK

													

														INTRO  Amir - Hey, you are watching Jake and Amir and a loser says what?



Jake - You're a loser.



Amir - What? ...No, wait! 







JAKE: (on cell) No, trust me, Mr. Lanzo, it will not happen again, I--



(Amir tackles Jake onto the floor, Jake is on his back and Amir has him straddled)



JAKE: Ow.



AMIR: You mean, ouch. 



JAKE: (sighs) You tackled me. 



AMIR: Yeah. Our bodies are now the same, our souls however, have switched. Haven't you ever seen Freaky Friday?



JAKE: No.



AMIR: Incorrect! I have, so thus, you have. You saw it at a Best Buy.  You cried at the end. 



JAKE: I was on the phone with my landlord. 



AMIR: My landlord. 



JAKE: And I might get kicked out of my apartment. 



AMIR: My apartment. 



JAKE: So I need to call him back, right now.



AMIR: Call me back . . . later.



JAKE: OK, that one didn't even make any sense. 



AMIR: Hm, blame yourself, I'm you. 



JAKE: If you're me, then what's my ATM pin number?



AMIR: 5559



JAKE: SHHH-All right. Fine. 



(Pat is seen overhearing and scribbling it down)



JAKE: What word can I never pronounce correctly?



AMIR: High-archy. 



JAKE: Hierar-har...



AMIR: ki-ki.



JAKE: Uh, yeah. Fine. What was my first pet's name? 



AMIR: Lady. 



JAKE: INCORRECT! 



AMIR: The tadpole?



JAKE: Oooh, yeah, Lady.



AMIR: I'm surprised you didn't remember that, me. 



JAKE: What?



AMIR: I knew this would work. Jamie Lee Curtis has never lied to me!



JAKE: OK, get off of me or I'm going to start hitting you.



AMIR: Do it. It'll just hurt you.



(Jake starts smacking Amir's face)



AMIR: Heh-heh, stop hitting yourself. Stop hitting yourself! Stop hitting yourself! Stop hitting yourself! Stop hitting your--



(Jake smacks himself) 



AMIR: Ow. (pause) I mean, ouch. 



(blackout)



(Pat is withdrawing money from an ATM)



PAT: Bingo! (makes call on cell) Hey mom, I'm just calling to let you know that I am going to pay my own rent this month be--Oh, hey Brian.  Uh, can you put my mom on?  Why are you answering her phone?  Uh-huh, yeah, uh, just put my mom on, please. Thank you.  (pause) Hey mom, why is Brian answering your phone?  Uh-huh.  I-I just don't understand, I don't- yeah, it's really early there isn't it?  Anyway, um, I'm calling to let you know I got my own rent money this month, so don't bother send--  No.  What do you mean 'how I got it'? I earned it. Whatever. I got a job, I don't know.  I got paid. What do you-- I didn't -- Yeah, I stole it, mom.  I stole my friend's ATM--  Yes, you did say something about ATM, didn't you?  Did Brian just call me a thief? I heard him in the background. 



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJ37NcRRBdY

													

														AMIR: Hey, you're watching me and my best friend!



JAKE: Not cute.



AMIR: Yes. I. Am!







[POV: A camera which Jake has just set to record with a remote.]



JAKE: Okay, it's recording.



AMIR: Okay. Well-- don't go anywhere, 'cuz I need a witness!



JAKE: You said all I had to do was set up the camera.



AMIR: Well I need a witness!



[Jake stops the recording.]







[Jake begins the recording again.]



AMIR: Okay. Uh, I'm Amir Blumenfeld, and this is my... certified... emergency medical assistant--



JAKE: I'm not certified.



AMIR: --it's fine-- Jake Hurwitz. Uh, and, I'm gonna be trying to break the world record for longest time holding your breath.



JAKE: [to the camera] I'm not certified.



AMIR: Rrrrrrgh. Okay. Uh, this is a verbal agreement, because we both understand... the inherent risk involved in this stunt, and we both agree to pay... twenty-five hundred dollars to the Guinness Book of World Records if this video is fraudulent. I agree. Do you agree? Just say yes.



JAKE: I obviously don't agree.



AMIR: Well what the fu--







AMIR: I agree. Do you agree?



JAKE: I agree, because you agree to pay the entire fine if that happens. Right?



AMIR: [pause] Let's get started.



[Jake stops the recording.]







AMIR: Okay, fine. I agree to pay the whole thing. Let's just-- do this; you're messing me up.



JAKE: Fine.



AMIR: Alright. This is attempt number one.



[Amir inhales sharply. He is perfectly silent for a few seconds, then he begins breathing through his nose. His breathing becomes very loud and conspicuous.]



JAKE: Okay, I think you're breathing through your nose.



AMIR: Alright, cut.







AMIR: Longest holding-of-breath, attempt number one.



JAKE: It's attempt number two.



AMIR: Just-- okay. It's just a little more impressive if I do it in one! Right? It's so obvious that that's what I was tr--







AMIR: Attempt number one.



[Amir inhales sharply again. He immediately resorts to breathing through his nose. Jake reaches over and plugs Amir's nose. Amir begins panicking and flailing around, then opens his mouth to breathe.]



AMIR: What the hell was that?



JAKE: You're clearly cheating.



AMIR: You're a f**king narc.







AMIR: Okay, attempt number one.



[Amir cracks his knuckles, inhales sharply, and then holds his breath. This time, he also plugs his own nose. He stands in silence for a few seconds. Eventually, he takes his finger off the left side of his nose so he can breathe through one nostril.]



JAKE: They can see that.



AMIR: Because you said something!



[Amir grabs the remote.]



AMIR: So... cut. [tries to find the right button] Which one?



JAKE: That.







AMIR: Okay, attempt number one.



[Amir inhales sharply. This time, he pinches his nose as well as his lips, so that there is no way to breathe. After a second or two, he slightly releases pressure from his lips. The air-sucking sound is very loud and obvious.]



JAKE: God, that's worse than before. Cut.



[Jake hits the button lightly; it doesn't cut.]



AMIR: Rrrrgh.



JAKE: Alright: what are you doing?



AMIR: We can always ed--... th-- edit that part out.



JAKE: Why edit? Why cheat? Why are you trying to cheat?



AMIR: Because I'm trying to-- make it impressive; I wanna get in the Book.



JAKE: Okay, let's just do one honest attempt. Okay? No cheating.



AMIR: ...Okay. No cheating.



JAKE: No cheating.



AMIR: Start.



JAKE: Ready?







[Amir has collapsed, and is breathing deep gasps of air. Jake is helping him to his feet.]



JAKE: Oh my God!



AMIR: Cut it!



JAKE: I cut it. I cut it.



AMIR: Aaaah, I browned out!



JAKE: You browned out! Oh, man!



AMIR: I browned out, but I survived! How long was that?



JAKE: Seventeen minutes! That's amazing!



AMIR: [deep breathing] Gahhhhhhh...



JAKE: Oh my God!



AMIR: I browned out!



JAKE: Oh, you browned out!



AMIR: Hey, wait, why is that red light on?



JAKE: Is the red light on?



AMIR: Yeah.



[Jake walks up to the camera.]



AMIR: ...You recorded it, right?



JAKE: Ohhh, no, no, no...



AMIR: You did get it, though?



JAKE: I definitely got it. Don't worry.



AMIR: Okay, good. I trust y--







END







[Three weeks later, Amir is checking the mail. He sees a letter from Guinness and gasps.]



AMIR: Ohhh, ohhhhhh...



[Amir quickly rips open the letter, unfolds the now-crumpled message, and reads it.]



AMIR: [quickly, excitedly] Dear Mister Blumenfeld, thank you very much for your submission, we regret to inform you, though, [slows down] that this is a fine. Ohhhh no, [rips the letter in frustration] Jake, we got the f-- we got the fine...

													

														INTRO Amir - Hey, you are watching a web show.



Jake - Which web show? 



Amir - None of their business. 







(Amir is typing on a typewriter, it dings) 



AMIR: Check your e-mail.



JAKE: You're on a typewriter.



AMIR: Check it again then.



JAKE: I didn't check it the first time. 



AMIR: Huh, my e-mail always gets sent after just one line.



JAKE: Oh.



AMIR: Any ideas on how to fix that?



JAKE: You think the ding is like a sending noise. 



AMIR: Don't I know it. Pay to play.



JAKE: That's not plugged into anything, so how is it going to send an e-mail? 



AMIR: So laptops aren't plugged into anything, and they send e-mails quite fine.



JAKE: That's not a good argument.



AMIR: Oh my god, everyone, your laptops aren't plugged into anything, I hope wireless routers exist and can send packets of information over the airwaves using I-triple E 802.11 technology standards.  Or is that impopsicle?   



JAKE: Impopsicle?



AMIR: Impopsicle. It's frozen. How stupid you are.



JAKE: You're an idiot.



AMIR: You're an asshole! You're mean to me!  Check your e-mail! 



JAKE: I didn't get an e-mail from you, OK? Why don't you just tell me what it said? 



AMIR: If you have to ask . . . then you don't know. 



JAKE: That's how that works. Yeah, I ask because I don't know.



AMIR: It's just this e-mail, congratulating you for being you. So. 



JAKE: All right. 



AMIR: Now I wish I never sent it. 



JAKE: You didn't ever send it. 



AMIR: Well now I feel like a stupid because the e-mail is in the aether and it just never arrived to you. 



JAKE: It's not in an aether, never made it to the aether, all right? 



AMIR: And now maybe because this stupid fight, you're not going to send me an e-mail congratulating me for being such an awesome person. But maybe I'm just overanalyzing it and you might.



JAKE: Nope! You're not overanalyzing it. I'm not going to send you an e-mail.



AMIR: Is it because you're going to feel like a dill-weed because I called you out on it and you wanted that e-mail to surprise me? Because I can tell you that I can act surprised.  In fact, the fact that I'm doubting you will make me actually surprised.  It's kind of ironic, right? Kind of one of life's little beautiful moments.  Don't you love life like that? These little moments that are sort of indescribable except for the two people that are experiencing it at the same --



JAKE: OK, I just sent you an e-mail. 



AMIR: Oh.  I don't even know how to check it on this gay thing though. 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fw6hR8sEwAo

													

														Opening Sequence 



Jake: Hey, you're watching



Amir: Get in ma belly!



Jake: Wow, c'mon.



Amir: Fat Bastard.



Jake: I know.



Amir: So.







Episode 



Amir: Okay, here's one, here's one. Do you think you could train a parrot, to train a parrot? What? (laughs)



Jake: Do you think we've been talking? You haven't said anything for two hours and that's the first thing you've said to me.



Amir: rawwr! (laughs)



Jake: What do you do here? Seriously.



Amir: Aaah!



Jake: No I really want to know. Somebody asked me the other day, they asked me what your job was, and I couldn't think of anything I've 

ever seen you do.



Amir: (Puts his hands up so he's strangling thin air.) Ugggh.



Jake: C'mon. You come into work, sometimes with a computer



(Amir holds up his laptop.)



Amir: Oooooh.



Jake: Yes, you've brought it today, but like what's on it?



(Amir shows Jake his laptop's screen.)



Jake: Okay it appears to be off.



Amir: Off, or sleeping? (Presses the space bar. Nothing happens.)



Jake: Off.



Amir: Dang it. Took a risk, went for it.



Jake: Okay, what's the last email you sent?



Amir: It's tough to say cause my computer's asleep at the moment.



Jake: Well you have a phone right, what's on your phone?



(Amir pulls out his phone.)



Amir: Barbecue sauce.



Jake: Lemme see it?



(Amir tosses Jake his phone.)



Jake: (Looking at the phone) No emails, no texts, one contact, 309 outgoing calls to someone named ##zzzzhelphello696969lol, but the 

number's mine.



(Amir smiles and throws his palms up in the air, and Jake does likewise.)



Jake: I don't know what to do! I'm gonna get you fired. I'm gonna try to get you fired.



(Amir dusts off his shoulders.)



Amir: Nah.



Jake: I just think it's in everybody's best interest if I just do that. The only problem is I don't know who to talk to because



Amir: Because you don't know who my boss is, right? Cause you don't know what my job is. Sounds like you're S.O.L. (laughs)



Jake: Maybe I'll just talk to Ricky.



Amir: Wait don't! Okay. (Doing something with his laptop) I just didn't want to tell you what my job was because it was embarrassing, 

but if you really really really really wanna know...



(The laptop makes a start up sound.)



Jake: Sounds like your computer's starting up.



Amir: No, it's not. Uhm... I look for work and a career. Monsters.



Jake: Did you just Google search job?



(Amir strangles the air.)

													

														Opening Sequence



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: Not if you stop watching right now.



Jake: Right...?



Amir: Just saying.







Episode



Amir: Kinda crazy, huh?



Jake: What is?



Amir: One minute you're here, the next... (Acts out a catastrophic collision with his fingers) you're wormfood.



Jake: I guess.



Amir: Isn't it weird that worms are cannibals?



Jake: They're not.



Amir: They eat humans.



Jake: That's not cannibalism, cannibalism is when you eat your own species.



Amir: So you're saying worms don't eat other worms.



Jake: I'm saying I don't know, but either way that's not what you meant.



Amir: Isn't it?



Jake: I feel like I've had this conversation with you before.



Amir: Hmh, I think you might be thinking of the conversation I had with my girlfriend last night.



Jake: Hey Pat, I'm not getting your emails.



Amir: Hey Pat, you're not getting my girlfriend. (Chuckles) No... What? Jake. Jake! Jake! Jake! Jake! JAKE I have a girlfriend, okay? 

Oo, big whoop. Yeah, it's a huge whoop, and you're not saying anything about it. Why are you being so obvious?



Jake: Oblivious?



Amir: Look who decided to show up, ladies and Germanies!



Jake: Where'd you meet her?



Amir: What's with the third degree? Can't somebody have a private life? At a laser tag. Read between the lines.



Jake: No lines there. So you met her at your cousin's laser tag?



Amir: (Sticking out his arm) Oo twist my leg why don'tcha!



Jake: That's your arm. What's her name?



Amir: Her name, is her mane, and that's all that's her-mane cause she's Popeye the sailor dame! Toot toot! Ay yai yai! Ay caramba! 

Arriba! This stuff's made in New York City!



Jake: (Cutting off Amir) So you couldn't think of a name fast enough. Here's a lying tip: think of possible questions I'm going to ask 

you?



Amir: Okay, her name is Leron...a. Lerona.



Jake: Lerona. Kinda like your cousin's name, which is Leron, except with an 'a' at the end.



Amir: Yes.



Jake: Lying tip number two?



(Lerona enters, hugging Amir from behind)



Lerona: Hi.



Amir: Hey there.



Jake: Woah.



Lerona: (To Jake) Hi.



Jake: Hey. You must be Lerona.



Lerona: Yeah, but it's Leron-uh. Like you're confused.



Jake: I am confused.



Amir: So.



Lerona: (To Amir) Hi!



(Lerona kisses Amir)



Amir: Mmm, I missed you.



Lerona: I missed you.



Jake: Very confused.



(Lerona tousles Amir's hair, both laughing)



Amir: I like that.

													

														Opening Sequence



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: Forever.



Jake: For the next two minutes.



Amir: Forever.







Episode



(Lerona sneaks up behind Jake and puts her hands over his eyes)



Lerona: Sup!



Jake: Get the fuck off? Oh my god, I'm sorry, you sounded just like Amir.



Lerona: Why would you yell at Amir?



Jake: I, um... What's up?



Lerona: Nothing, I just came to surprise Amir. Take him out to lunch.



Jake: I hope you like McDonald's.



Lerona: I love McDonald's. Don't you?



Jake: It's... What's up?



Lerona: Oh my god, is that an Aragorn action figure?



Jake: That... no, that is... (Covers the action figure with a hat) I used to like Lord of the Rings but now I think it's gay.



Lerona: No, I love Lord of the Rings!



Jake: Do you? I love it too! I do.



Lerona: What's your favorite one?



Jake: Um, wow that's hard. Oh wait no, it's not. It's The Two Towers. Remember when they're in the fields of Rohan and Eomer finds them 

and he's gonna chop off Gimli's head and then Legolas draws his bow and he's all like,



In unison: You would die before your sword(Lerona)/stroke(Jake) fell.



Jake: Stroke, not sword, but that was close. Wow that's so cool that you know it. Hey, can I ask you a question?



Lerona: Ugh, I know what you're gonna ask me.



Jake: You do?



Lerona: And, I mean, I know Amir's not the smartest guy, but he's really genuine. That's what I like about him, he's just not about 

just sex, you know?



Jake: I was just gonna ask you why a girl as pretty as you is into Lord of the Rings.



Lerona: Oh. Can I ask you a question?



Jake: Yeah.



Lerona: Will you promise not to tell Amir I said he wasn't the smartest guy?



(Jake nodes)



Lerona: Thanks.



(Amir puts his hand over Jake's eyes from behind)



Amir: Sup!



Jake: Get? Haha, you got me.



Amir: Owie.



Jake: You got me man, that was good.



Lerona: Jake and I were just talking about Lord of the Rings.



Amir: Those DVDs own hard.



Jake: Yeah, only we were talking about the books, you f***ing ass.



Lerona: I was talking about the movies.



Amir: You cannot pass!



(Lerona laughs)



Jake: Shall not pass. Don't laugh. Are you laughing cause he was wrong?



Lerona: (Still laughing) No...



Amir: Anyway, shall we go to lunch, madar?



Jake: What's madar? Is that where you're going to?



Lerona: He meant madam.



Jake: I know.



Lerona: Do you call him out like that all the time?



Amir: Yes. And I wouldn't have it any other way.



Jake: Great I'm impressing the wrong person.



Amir: Off we go. Peace in the Ittle East! Peace in the Italy.



Jake: Italy, right.



(Lerona and Amir walk away. Jake picks up Aragorn.)



Jake: I see in your eyes the same fear that would take the heart of me.



(Lerona starts walking back)



Jake: The day may come when the courage of men fails. When we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship. But that is not?



Lerona: Sorry, forgot my sunglasses.



(Jake puts Aragorn away)



Jake: Yeah.



Lerona: Don't be embarrassed. That was cute.



Jake: (Talking under his breath) Thank you.



Amir: Hey babe, I'm gonna be in the bathroom. Gotta drop a major two-bomb. Jake don't wait up.

													

														Opening Sequence



Amir: (Singing Everywhere You Look) Whatever happened to predictability?



Jake: Please don't.



Amir: The milkman, the paper boy!







Episode



(Amir is lying in bed)



Amir: I don't wanna go to work today.



(Lerona comes up from beside him)



Lerona: It's Sunday.



Amir: Which is why I don't wanna go to work. Who works on a Sunday?



(Both laugh, and move so they're lying in the center of the bed)



Lerona: You make me happy.



Amir: You make me nappy. Haha, no, you make me crappy. (Makes a farting noise) Oh no! Oh I shat myself! There's shit everywhere man! 

No, you make me happy. I did kind of fart a little bit there so it might stink a bit.



Lerona: Hey... where are you the most ticklish?



Amir: Mmm, I don't know...?



Lerona: Maybe here...?



(Lerona tickles him, laughing)



Amir: Stop it!



Lerona: Sorry.



Amir: It's fine. It's just that it's only funny... when I do it!



(Amir suddenly tickles Lerona. The Ace and Jocelyn theme is heard.)



Lerona: Ugh, your phone has been ringing all morning, go answer it.



Amir: Oy.



(Amir gets out of bed and picks up the phone)



Amir: Y'ello?



(The camera shows Jake, sitting in his apartment)



Jake: Sup!



Amir: Uh, not much dude, can I talk to you later?



Jake: Why?



Amir: I'm kinda with someone.



Jake: Wow, then I'm telling Lerona then. Okay, you have a great girlfriend and you're cheating on her?



Amir: Uh, I'm with Lerona.



Jake: Ha! Oh man. You got me. You got me for a second. Hey put her on actually? I have this gay-ass question for her.



Amir: Um, just tell it to me, I'll ask her.



Jake: No, I'll ask her, okay? It's hard to pronounce.



Amir: Okay, fine.



(Amir hands Lerona the phone)



Amir: It's for you.



Lerona: Hello?



Jake: Hey, what's up! You're at Amir's?



Lerona: He's at my place.



Jake: Oh! Where's that!



(Silence)



Jake: Anyway, what's up? How's your weekend?



Lerona: Oh, um, it was fun, Amir and I went to the park and we flew kites.



Jake: Cool! So pimp.



(Lerona starts laughing into the phone because Amir is tickling her)



Jake: Haha! Yeah I bet you were just like owning it all day. Owning the kite. Owning the sky.



Lerona: Sorry, Amir was tickling me. What did you say?



Jake: Put him on, please.



(Lerona proffers Amir the phone)



Lerona: He wants you.



(Amir drops the phone)



Amir: Hmh. I want you.



(Amir starts tickling Lerona again)



Jake: Hello?



Amir: Stop!







Outro



(Jake is still on the phone)



Jake: Hey dude! Didn't appreciate that. Call me back! Or text me. From Lerona's phone, cause yours obviously sucks. Mine has four bars, 

that was your fault. Lata. I'm out. Peace. Text it. Lata. Peace. Call me. Text me. From Lerona's phone, not yours, cause yours sucks. 

Lata.

													

														INTRO- JAKE: Hey! You're watching Jake and a loser. (Laughs)



AMIR: I'm seriously gonna to kill you.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



INT: Office



AMIR: (Sung to the tune of All You Need Is Love) All you need is love. Bram bram bram bram bram. All you need is love, love. Love is all you love. (Sung to the tune of What I Got) Lovin' is what I love. I said remember love. (Sung to the tune of Forgot About Dre) Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got something to say but nothing comes out when they move their lips just a bunch of jibberish. Mother fuckers act like they forgot about LOVE. (Sung to the tune of Circle of Life) Love savanya vada vicia babou uhhmm zana hey yacha hey ya LOVE-



JAKE: Stop! Stop. Stop it.



AMIR: (Cover mouth) Whoa. Sorry 'bout that. Was I humming out loud?



JAKE: You were not humming.



AMIR: One day, when you're in love you'll know what it's like to be in it. (Confused look) Love. 



JAKE: So you're in love?



AMIR: Ugh, I didn't want anybody to know. I wanted everybody to know. I'M IN LOVE.



JAKE: How long you've known this girl?



AMIR: Cosmically, it feels like we've been intertwined-



JAKE: How long though?



AMIR: It feels like forever.



JAKE: How many days?



AMIR: 7...4 if you're being technical.



JAKE: I'm being technical.



AMIR: 3, then. 2 if you don't count the day before we met.



JAKE: Why count that?



AMIR: Love. There are no rules. That's why it rules. (Weird voice) Bitch.



JAKE: You're a bitch.



AMIR: Whoa, what's with all the hostility?



JAKE: You just called me a bitch.



AMIR: You're so jealous. Are you gellin'?



JAKE: I'm-That's not what gellin' means and no, I'm not jealous of you, okay. You don't know what love is.



AMIR: Oh yeah? Well I know I'm constantly thinking about her, okay. And I'm constantly thinking of ways to make her happy 'cause she makes me happy. And the thought of her being with anybody else drives me crazy. 



JAKE: Okay, yeah.



AMIR: (Sung to the tune of What Is Love) What is love? Baby don't love me, don't love me 



JAKE AND AMIR: (Sung to the tune of What Is Love) no more.



AMIR: Don't sing along 'cause you're alone and I'm in love. And you're tainting it. 



JAKE: I'm not. 



AMIR: (Sung to the tune of What Is Love) Whoa whoa whoa whoa, oooh. Oooh whoa whoa-



(Jake is bobbing his head to Amir's singing)



AMIR: Don't even bob your head to it!



JAKE: Why wouldn't I-



AMIR: That's like singing.



JAKE: Why are you being like this right now?



AMIR: It's the same thing.



JAKE: Why are you yelling at me though?



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO:



(Silence)



JAKE: You said you were gonna do this one.



AMIR: Yeah, well, I lied.  Sue me.







(Jake at home by himself.  He's sitting on a chair tossing a tennis ball against the wall.)



(There's a knock at the door.  Jake gets up and answers the door.)



(Lerona walks in)



JAKE: Hey, come in.



LERONA: I'm sorry, I have something that I really need to ask you, and-   You can say no, but, I just- Amir and I got in a fight, and-



JAKE: Yeah?



LERONA: You're his best friend.  



JAKE: Yeah.



LERONA: And I wanna make it up to him, what should I do?



JAKE: You know, we're not actually best friends, at all, okay.



LERONA: Never mind, this is stupid.  Amir would be pissed I came here anyways, I should go. 



JAKE: woah woah waoh, why would he be pissed?



LERONA: It's what our whole fight was about.  I said that you were cute, or something.  It was really stupid.



JAKE: That's not stupid, okay, let's- I'll help.  Stay.



LERONA: Really?



JAKE: Yeah...We'll make him cookies.



LERONA: Yeah.



JAKE: Yeah.



(Cut to shots of counter)



JAKE: Flour. (Bag of flour gets put on counter)



JAKE: Eggs.  (Carton of eggs gets put on counter)



JAKE: Butter. (4 sticks of butter get put on counter)



JAKE: Chocolate chips. (2 bags of chocolate chips get put on counter)



JAKE: Chicken Nuggets. (An entire plate of nuggets get put on counter)



JAKE: Vanilla Extract. (A bottle of vanilla extract gets put on top of the nuggets)



(Back to Jake)



JAKE: and wine.



LERONA: Why wine?



JAKE: That's for us.



LERONA: Oh, sheesh y'all.



(Jake looks at her.)



LERONA: Sorry.



JAKE: no, no, no, don't be.  That was cute.



(Cut to later in the day.  Jake is putting the tray of cookies on the table.)



LERONA: (tipsy, on top of the counter, empty glass of wine in her hand.) Maybe...I should just suck his dick.



JAKE: What?!  No.  Why?



LERONA: All this effort?  Wouldn't it just be easier for me to just throw myself on him?



JAKE: No, okay, the cookies are done.  They're good. Give him the cookies. 



LERONA: Hear me out. (Lerona gets off the counter and steps towards Jake.)



(Lerona keeps moving closer to Jake) 



LERONA: If you and I were together, and we got in a fight, and I came over, and I was totally naked, and I was like Do whatever you want to me.  Be as dirty as you want, you wouldn't like that?  If I was totally naked. (Lerona's face is near Jake's and her arm is around his neck)



JAKE: Try a cookie.  (Jake puts a cookie in her mouth.)



LERONA: Ohmygod, it's so good.



JAKE: (frustrated look on his face) It's so good.



LERONA: Yeah.



(There's a knock on the door)



AMIR: (from other side of the door) Jake, it's me.



LERONA: Ohmy- you can't tell him that I'm here.



AMIR: Your best friend.  Your best friend in the whole wide world.



(Jake opens the door)



JAKE: What's up?



(Amir walks in)



AMIR: I feel like shit.



JAKE: Don't come in!



AMIR: I was a jerk to Lerona.



JAKE: YOU were a jerk?



AMIR: Yeah, she said you were cute.  I said you were more hot than cute, obviously, but, things got weird from there. 



JAKE: Yeah.



AMIR: It's just that she's so smart, she's so funny and she's so pretty and I don't deserve her- woah, are those chicken nugget cookies?



LERONA: They are.



AMIR: What are you doing here?



LERONA: I came here to make you these cookies.



AMIR: You came to Jake's apartment?  



LERONA: Ye-yeah.



AMIR: To make ME cookies?



LERONA: Yeah.



AMIR: That's awesome.



LERONA: You're awesome.



AMIR: You're awesome.



LERONA: You're awesomer.



(They hug.)



AMIR: Ohhhhh!  Let's never fight again.



LERONA: What say we go back to your place and eat these in private?



AMIR: Uh....yeah. Hahaha. 



(They head towards the door)



AMIR: (As Lerona opens the door) Oh, my.



JAKE: You forgot the cookies, man.



(Jake eats a cookie in frustration)



JAKE: (Grossed out noises)  Fuck me!



EPISODE LINK

													

														Amir: Hi I'm Amir and you're watching me and my friend Jake on the all new...



Jake: This is pretty wordy.



Amir: OK.



Jake approaches a door with a DVD and flowers and presses the intercom



Lerona(over the intercom): Hello?



Jake: Hey! Lerona it's Jake, I knew I shouldn't ask you out so I was hoping we could stay in.



Lerona(over the intercom): Huh?



Jake: I knew I shouldn't...I said I knew I shouldn't ask you out so I was wondering if you want us to stay in.



Lerona(over the intercom): I can't hear you come upstairs. I'll buzz you in.



Intercom buzzes, Jake tries the door, it's locked.



Jake: It's stuck.



Lerona(over the intercom): It's open



Jake: It's not. Maybe just come down



Lerona(over the intercom): What?



Jake: Come down?



Lerona(Over the intercom): I am calm!



Jake: No no no no no no can you just...can...can you come downstairs? Maybe come downstairs?



Lerona(over the intercom): K, coming.



Lerona opens the door wearing a bath robe.



Lerona: Hey!



Jake: Hi. I didn't think we should go...sorry, did you just take a shower?



Amir enters topless behind Lerona



Amir: Yes we did



Jake: Fuck



Amir: Yes we did (laughs). What are you doing here?



Jake: Not



Amir: So, why the DVD and flowers?



Jake: I don't have a DVD, these are flowers



Amir: Yeah, and that's a DVD



Jake: Yeah but you were like DVD (Jake holds up the flowers) and 

flowers (Jake holds up the DVD)



Amir: I didn't specify which hand was holding whi...



Jake: Whatever man, OK, ah hah, cos I was just leaving



Jake exits



Amir: OK. (to Lerona) Anyway, where was I before I slipped and 

hurt my head



Amir and Lerona go to kiss, Lerona puts her hands on the back of Amirs head



Amir: Ow! OK, still bruised.



Enter Jake



Jake: Ok, you know what? Lerona, I'm crazy about you



Amir and Lerona: What?



Jake: Yeah, and you know what maybe I shouldn't have said anything but I feel like you had to know



Lerona: I have a boyfriend



Amir: WHAT? Oh, (laughs) me.



Lerona: I don't know I'm really confused now



Amir: I was too when you said I had a boyfriend but Then I realised, oh wait it's me. Does that clear things up babe? Wanna go back upstairs?



Lerona: I think I'm gonna go by myself. I have a decision to make 



Lerona exits indoors, closing the door and leaving Jake and Amir outside



Amir: Shit



Jake: Yeah



Amir: No like, I left my retainer up there. My clothes!



Jake: Yeah yeah your clothes



Amir: I'm in a towel for christ sakes.



To be continued shows on screen



Amir: Why did you do this?

													

														[INTRO]



Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



[pauses for Jake's reaction]



Amir: You're not going to say, Good job?



Jake: Jesus, man.







Amir: Hm, it's kinda hard to sit down with this knife in my back. Can you actually grab that for me? And don't twist it.



Jake: Just shut u-- Wow! There is a knife back here.



Amir: Okay.



Jake: It's covered in peanut butter.



Amir: I meant the imaginary one!



Jake: Still though.



Amir: I'm just nervous, you know? I love her so much and in a couple hours, she could just come in here, look me square in the eyes and go, You are the weakest link. Goodbye. [unexpectedly tapping Jake's stomach] Goodbye.



Amir: Hey, to pass the time, let's read old text messages between her and me.



Jake: No. Don't.



Amir: Last night was incredible. You made me feel like a woman again. I had no idea my breasts were so sensitive. Okay, now let's read one that she sent to me...



Amir: She's calling me! Hello? Oh my God! She's been in an accident!



Jake: Are you--



Amir: I'm kidding, you idiot.



Jake: Wow! What is wrong with you?!



Amir: What?



Amir: Hey, just so you know: Whatever happens, me and you are going to stay friends.



Jake: What if she chooses me?



Amir: Then we're through, okay? You're dead to me.



Jake: You just said whatever happens we'd stay friends.



Amir: Yeah. Sometimes I say stupid things. It's like, Hi. I'm Amir. Have we met? It's-- [gasps at seeing Lerona]



Lerona: Hey.



[Jake and Amir eagerly approach Lerona]



Lerona: So, I made my decision.



Amir: Who'd you choose?



Lerona: It was really tough. Jake, you're so thoughtful and smart and really cute... so I choose you!



[Jake and Lerona hug]



Amir: And Amir? You are...



Lerona: No.



Amir: So, I guess you made your decision.



Lerona: Yeah.



Amir: Well, let me just show you what you're going to miss:



[Amir leans in for a kiss and Lerona stops him by palming his face]



Amir: Hey! What are you doing?!



Lerona: I chose Jake!



Amir: I know. But I need to show you what you're going to miss!



Lerona: No. No. Listen, I'm... I'm really sorry.



Amir: Me too. Wait. No. I'm not sorry; I'm sad. You made me sad.



[Jake puts his arm around Lerona]



Jake: So.



Lerona: So...



[Jake and Lerona exiting building onto the street]



Jake: God, I'm so happy you chose me.



Lerona: I feel like such a bitch.



Jake: You're not a bitch.



[they kiss]



Jake: [as Lerona walks to stand in the street] Just like Aragorn said to Arwen before the Battle of Helm's Deep...



[a bus comes out of nowhere and hits Lerona]



Jake: Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh no!



[END]

													

														INTRO

JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.

AMIR: Let go of me!

JAKE: I'm not touching you.

AMIR: Why not?







Jake and Amir are walking side by side.



AMIR: What was the last thing you said to her?



JAKE: I don't remember.



AMIR: I'm sorry.



JAKE: Thanks.



AMIR: You're just gonna let me feel like this is my fault?



JAKE: What?



AMIR: I said, I'm sorry, and you said, Thanks. Like I'm apologizing? Like, I didn't do anything.



JAKE: Okay. I can't have this conversation with you right now.



AMIR: Although, who has two thumbs and should be apologizing for not doing anything? This guy. (Pointing at Jake.) No, I'm just kidding. You tried to push her out of the way when the bus hit her though, right?



JAKE: Look, it happened really, really fast, alright?



AMIR: Yeah, really, really fast. From your girlfriend to dead in two minutes flat. It's a world record. Hazzah!



JAKE: Jesus Christ man, we just buried her.



AMIR: Yeah. This is my way of coping with things, okay? Trust me, I'm hurting more than you are.



JAKE: I seriously doubt that.



They stop walking.



AMIR: Wait, you think you're sadder than I am?



JAKE: No, I know I'm sadder than you are.



AMIR: Ha!



JAKE: See, you're laughing.



AMIR: Okay, she was my girlfriend for longer.



JAKE: Yeah, but she was my girlfriend when it happened.



AMIR: Yes, but we had a deeper connection.



JAKE: Ha!



Amir points at Jake.



JAKE: Okay, fair enough but we we're about to begin something new and amazing and it all got cut short.



AMIR: Yeah, that sounds alot like my story with her. Only, in my version, you were the bus.



Jake pushes Amir.



AMIR: Don't run me over, bus.



They briefly push each other then stop.



AMIR: It's crazy, huh?



JAKE: What is?



AMIR: One minute, you're here. The next, worm food.



JAKE: Yeah, I guess.



AMIR: Isn't it weird that worms are cannibals?



JAKE: They're not.



AMIR: They eat humans.



JAKE: That's not cannibalism. Cannibalism is when you eat your own species.



AMIR: So you're saying worms don't eat other worms?



JAKE: I'm saying I don't know, but either way that's not what you meant.



AMIR: Isn't it?



JAKE: I feel like I've had this conversation with you before.

													

														Opening Sequence



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: Duh.



Jake: Why do you have to be in the room?



Amir: I'm lonely.







Episode



(Jake is playing How to Train Your Dragon)



Jake: Dammit, stop!



(Amir comes up to Jake with a Smirnoff ice)



Amir: Um, I believe this ice is for you.



Jake: Um



Amir: As you have just been iced!



Jake: Okay, I am not playing Bros Icing Bros.



Amir: Chug it, pledge!



Jake: This game was popular like two months ago, and nobody's playing anymore.



Amir: Do you have any idea what the punishment is for a bitching bro who doesn't wanna chug his ice?



Jake: No.



Amir: Okay, me neither. I was hoping you would. The website's kind of hazy on that.



Jake: I think you just get deactivated from the game or something.



Amir: No no no! It has to be a more severe punishment than that.



Jake: Just, shh! I don't know what it is because I'm not playing



Amir: Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug



Pat: Shut up!



Amir: Sorry. You wouldn't wantyou wouldn't want me to apologize though if you knew what this bro was doing, you'd want me to yell 

chug, cause this guyyou wouldn'tyou'd know



Jake: Can you finish a sentence properly? You're stuttering, you just, y-y-y-you can't say anything right!



Amir: Okay you're frustrating me! You're



Jake: Well still, you should be able to talk! Why don't you chug it?



Amir: Gladly!



(Amir chugs it)



Jake: Okay, now you're without an ice, so (grabs an ice), I ice you.



Amir: What.



Jake: You don't have an ice; I'm icing you.



Amir: Well, I think there's a rule that says you can't really chug two in a row, because



Jake: Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug!



(Amir chugs it)



Amir: And now, since you don't have an ice, I will ice (grabs an ice) you!



(Jake grabs an ice)



Jake: Ice blocked! Sorry, now you gotta drink them both.



Amir: How do you have that?!



Jake: Why are you so drunk already?



Amir: I was iced twice on the way to work!



Jake: Wow, on the way to work?



Amir: Once on the subway, and once right in the lobby of our building!

													

														Opening Sequence



Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. Not that I care.



Jake: You should.



Amir: Yeah well I do, okay, I care too much.







Episode



(Sarah, Jake and Murph are sitting together drinking milkshakes)



Jake: Milkshakes were a good idea.



Sarah: You're right, it's like drinking ice cream and milk at the same time.



Murph: Yes. Well mine's just chocolate pudding and soy milk, cause



(Amir sits down)



Amir: I wish people would stop saying, I'm a foodie, and start saying what it actually is: I'm a prick about food.



Jake: Not funny.



Amir: Your Twitter.



Jake: Wow, okay, is it? Whatever.



Amir: What do you mean whatever? It was your tweet, I didn't get it either.



Jake: I got it, I was just wasn't trying to be funny.



Amir: So, why'd you tweet it?



Murph: You sent that tweet to me before you tweeted it, you wanted me to tell you if it was funny or not...



Jake: Yeah, and you didn't respond, so why do you care now?



(Sarah leaves)



Jake: Great.



Amir: Yeah, great. Get out of here.



Jake: No



Sarah: I'm leaving!



Jake: I didn't ask you to leave(To Amir) what are you doing here, alright?



Amir: Reading your tweets. Doy.



Jake: Why are you just reading them? They're not funny.



Amir: Then why'd you tweet them, okay? How many retweets did they get?



Jake: I don't know, I don't gi(Murph leaves) I don't give a crud about my stupid Twitter, I don't even know how to check



Amir: Go to Your Tweets and then go toYour Tweets, Retweets



Jake: Tweets, Retweeted



Amir: go to Retweets and then Your Tweets



Jake: Not a lot. Not a lot. There's onethere's two. One of them said it was stupid after.



Amir: See?



Jake: Well this is me not caring: huugh! How do I delete it?



Amir: How to delete what? Your account?



Jake: No, just the dumb tweet.



Amir: Well they're all dumb tweets, so I would just



Jake: They're not all dumb. This one's funny, this one's about Inception: I understood Inception; in my dreams! Well it's like two 

months old.



(Sarah comes back for her milkshake)



Jake: Sarah, did you read the...?



Sarah: (Leaving) Yeah.



Jake: It's not funny if you read it out loud.



Amir: Yeah well all tweets are read.



Jake: Not out loud! Not out loud. That's the dumbest thing you've ever said, I'm gonna tweet that right now.



Amir: Yeah, cause you tweet dumb things.



Jake: I'm gonna delete my entire Twitter account. How's that for dumb.



Amir: Sorry for making you feel so insecure.



Jake: Insecure about what? Because I don't have a Twitter anymore. I deleted it. Oh, crap, Jwitz ain't got one.



Amir: Jesus. How many followers did you have?



Jake: 19760 something, but I hadn't checked in like an hour and I wasn't even sure.



Amir: (Leaving) I would not have done that.



Jake: That's the difference between you and me! I'm strong. And I(Stays silent and looks regretful for some time) Kev! (Mimes getting 

a blowjob) Nah.







Outro



(Jake is talking on his phone, the camera filming him from outside the room he's in)



Jake: Yes, it was hacked and deleted, and I don't know why anyone would want to delete it but they deleted the account, and I justso 

there's no way to get it back. None of the followers? I don'tno I wiyeah I would take some of the tweets back, but it's more I would 

like the followers back. Then let meand you don't protect them? There's not on a server, anywhere? It's not up in the Cloud? Iokay, 

let me talk to your manager. I would likelet me talk to a FUCKING manager!

													

														Opening Sequence



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: Let go of me!



Jake: I'm not touching you.



Amir: Why not?







Episode



Amir: Hey.



Jake: Yeah.



Amir: You're my best friend, right?



Jake: What?



Amir: Yesterday, people were just talking smack about me. Saying that I was obsessed with you and that you didn't care about me and 

that's it's pathetic and stupid and that you weren't my best friend. But you are, right? You're my best friend?



Jake: You shouldn't let talk to you like that.



Amir: I know. But, at the end of the day, they're wrong, right? You're my best friend?



Jake: They're wrong...



Amir: Yeah.



Jake: ...to make fun of you.



Amir: Yeah, well they're wrong about that for sure, but they're also wrong about another thing, about you not being my best fr



Jake: Who's making fun of you?



Amir: Everybody. Are you my best friend?



Jake: I have a lot of best friends.



Amir: Mhm. Including me?



Jake: It'sum... I'm getting a call. (Picks up his cellphone) Hello?



Amir: (On the phone) Hey it's me, are we best friends?



(Jake hangs up)



Jake: You know what? Maybe it's the shirts, man. You gotta stop making those shirts.



Amir: What are you talking about? This is the only one I made in this style.



Jake: But all the other ones, with our faces and our names.



Amir: This one is just faces, no names.



Jake: Okay, but it's all the same thing, and it's weird, alright? I don't know if you're making any money off of them



Amir: I'm not, I'm losing money.



Jake: Well that's also weird.



Amir: Technically we're losing money.



Jake: How am I losing money?



Amir: I made a promise on our behalf to Busted Tees that these would sell like pancakes.



Jake: You mean hotcakes.



Amir: (Shaking his head) Not that well. Are you or are you not my best friend?



Jake: I would say, number one, don't worry about what other people think



Amir: Uh huh.



Jake: and two, as far as the shirts go



Amir: Stop thinking about the shirts, okay? Pretend I'm wearing any other shirt about us.



(Jake buries his face in his hands)



Amir: Oh my gosh. They're right.



Jake: Look



Amir: There's nothing I can do but try to reverse what has already happened. To make every day a small step in a big mission to win you 

over deed by deed!



Jake: I'm your best friend!



Amir: And the shirts?



Jake: They're great. I think Busted Tees is gonna sell a lot of them.



Amir: Good. Nobody was making fun of me. I just didn't want to guilt you into saying something you didn't mean.



Jake: What do you think you just did?



Amir: That's water under the bridge. Now! How many of these (indicates his shirt) can I put you down for? 16? 64? We're pretty much way 

in the red after those first few t-shirt debacles, and we're looking to rebound in a major way and I'm counting on you best friend!

													

														(Amir) Hi. I'm Amir, and this episode of Jake and Amir kinda revolves around-



(Jake) Do you think we're doing commentary?



(Amir) I did, yes







(Amir) Question!



(Jake) Yeah. And I have one for you after



(Amir) Okay, you go first. Mine's a little bit.. involved



(Jake) Why is your hand in a mouse trap?



(Amir) Human cheese trap, okay, and, can you go to jail for-



(Jake) There's no such thing as a human cheese trap, but go on. Can you go to jail for what?



(Amir) It is a human cheese trap, okay, and you know you're not supposed to go into apartments that technically aren't yours?



(Jake) Yes, it's called breaking and entering. Also, just because you got caught in the mouse trap doesn't make it a human trap



(Amir) I'm a human, got caught in it, hence: human trap. Okay? And I wasn't breaking anything, alright? Their window was open-ish



(Jake) What do you mean by open-ish? Also, it wasn't made to catch humans



(Amir) Well, I'm not a mouse and I got caught in it quite easily. So riddle me that, Bat Mat! And it was kind of locked, but I cracked it sort of open



(Jake) Okay so it sounds like you broke the window. And I know you're not a mouse, you just got caught in one of their traps



(Amir) You think a mouse laid this out to catch me? Okay, it wasn't even in my apartment. Which brings me to my question



(Jake) Fine, I give up



(Amir) I give up too



(Jake) Oh boy, that's a glue trap



(Amir) Not a glue trap, okay, a glue pad. There's a difference



(Jake) Yes, the difference being that glue traps are real, glue pads are not. Was there even cheese on that?



(Amir) No, not cheese, there were these small little peculiar brown pellets which I'm sure they used to lure me in. They were kind of small like Rye seeds, it smelled like mouse shit



(Jake) It was mouse shit



(Amir) Well good thing I didn't eat most of them, Sherlock



(Jake) But you ate some of them



(Amir) Alright, let me ask you this: if somebody offers you chocolate, do you take it?



(Jake) I don't think anyone was offering you chocolate



(Amir) Okay, so you don't think I have a case against these A-holes who lured me into their house and hurt me?



(Jake) It sounds like you just broke into an apartment and ate mouse shit off a glue trap



(Amir) Huh, and you sound like their lawyer. Good day sir!



(Jake) Ugh! It's on your D-

													

														Amir: Hey, you're watching JAAake-- (coughs) Sorry.



Jake: Wow.



Amir: Please delete this one. I'm begging you.



(Both sneeze in unison, Amir proceeds to mimic Jake)



Both: I know what you're doing.



That was just a coincidence!



You're clearly beginning to talk after I do!



I'm a huge nerd.



Amir: No I'm not.



(Jake makes Amir pour his water on his desk)



Amir: You're a jerk!

													

														[Jake is sitting on a couch working on his laptop, when Amir comes in and tries to sit between him and the armrest.*]



JAKE: What are you doing? Sit there! Amir! Sit there! We have an entire couch, and I'm not gonna move because I was







[Jake has moved.]



AMIR: (giving Jake some papers) Hey can you help a cousin out with his resume?



JAKE: Wow, actually, yes, absolutely. Are you looking for another job?



AMIR: Something like that.



JAKE: Alright, right off the bat, you've used a sample resume I'm guessing, because your name is Will B. Hired.



AMIR: You caught that.



JAKE: Yes, I did. And your email address is put@emailaddress.here.



AMIR: Okay, can we please just focus on what matters?







JAKE: Objective, wow. Why don't you read this out loud and tell me if it's what you want to send to a prospective employer.



AMIR: Money = pussy. No.







AMIR: You want a hurtsdangit?



JAKE: What?



(Amir punches Jake in the arm.)



AMIR: Hurts!



(Jake punches back.)



AMIR: Dang it!







JAKE: Under Experiences you just wrote When something happens to you; that's just defining it.



AMIR: Mhm. Did I get it right, though?



JAKE: It doesn't matter.



AMIR: That's a yes.







JAKE: Under Skills you wrote dunking.



AMIR: Mhm. A basketball.



JAKE: Yeah, no, I know, but you can't do that.



AMIR: Yeah, did I specify how tall the hoop was?



JAKE: You did, you said 10 feet.



AMIR: Okay so delete it. It's not rocket sockets.



JAKE: I know but it's still--



AMIR: Just get out of my life!







JAKE: Yeah, this, like, all this, where you listed every school, even the ones you went to when you were a baby, that's just un--(glances at Amir) are you asleep? Are you asleep?



AMIR: Hnh? Yeah! No.







JAKE: Proficient at Microsoft Word, right? You said you can write 500 words a minute?



AMIR: Mhm. But, did I specify what kind of words?



JAKE: You did; you're always specifying for some reason. You wrote nonsense words, and a winking emoticon.







JAKE: Activities, you wrote none, which is honest, but it's probably a bad move.



AMIR: Yeah, well, I didn't wanna lie.



JAKE: Yeah but then there's a comma and you wrote music.



AMIR: Right, well you gotta sweeten the deal a little bit. Right? You gotta tickle the generals. (The sound of Amir cackling is overdubbed)



JAKE: Still, I feel like--



AMIR: --a little bit. So, just stop focusing on that one line. I feel like you're harping so much on that one specific. The rest of the resume is gibberish, I got a cyst on my neck that doctors don't even know how to drain yet, bec--







JAKE: Special Skills: playing DVDs.



AMIR: Mhm. Just pop in, press play, and enjoy--



JAKE: Enjoy the ride. Yep, you wrote that. You also wrote, If it skips, cry till it's fixed.



AMIR: It rhymes.



JAKE: It doesn't.







AMIR: (showing Jake his cyst.) Feel this. And you're worried about--



JAKE: Oh! God.



AMIR: If people can even talk about my music? Who cares about music!







JAKE: For Extracurriculars you have My cousin owns a laser tag; that's not really relevant.



AMIR: Yes it is, this is his resume.



JAKE: So you're not looking for a new job?



AMIR: No, I'm not- why would I look for a new job? I got the best coworkers in the world! (He tickles Jake, who resists.)

													

														INTRO



Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake versus Amir. 



Jake: Jake AND Amir.



Slapping noise.



Jake: OW! What was that?



Amir: I slapped your back.



Jake: I know!



Phone rings.



Dave: What is that?



Jake: I think it's Amir's office phone.



Dave: Amir has an office phone?



Phone rings again.



Jake: I guess. Hey! Yo, this weekend we should, uh...



Dave: Uh, nope.



Phone rings again, Amir's voice plays on message machine.



Amir: Hey, it's Amir. I know this is a prank call, Leron so don't f**king bother leaving a message because I WON'T BELIEVE YOU.



Message machine beeps. Amir's voice is heard leaving a voicemail to himself.



Amir: Hey Amir, it is I. You. Me. It's you, Amir. Lost again on my way to work. Or should I say YOUR way to work. But that is nay the point of this meeseege. The following is a note to my future self: firstly, don't tell Jake you got lost. Tell him you were at an Oscar after party, he'll think you're connected and cool. If he asks where the party is, spin another golden lie out of NOTHING. Shit, you forgot socks this morning, you idiot. This, coupled with the fact that you already forgot your shoes is gonna make you look like a real DUMBWAD. Okay, if Jake makes fun of you, just try and kick Pat in the face. Oh! Remember to look up the name of that song that's in your head right now.



Amir singing: Oh, say can you see--



Horn blaring loudly.



Amir: AAAAAOOWWW! Oh! And remember that sick freestyle that was in your head this morning! Okay, here it is.



Amir rapping: Oh no, boom, pee pee in your bed, like a water balloon exploded in your head. No problem son, a lot of adults wear diapers to sleep, not a peep, tell no one about your liquidatious...



Amir: And then... you couldn't think of anything to rhyme with liquidatious, okay. Oh! One last thing, grocery list okay. Buy adult diapers.



Jake picks up the phone.



Jake: Yo!



Amir: Oh, hey. Jake? (Chuckling)



Amir (sing song voice): How do you do?



Jake: Great. You know when you leave yourself a voicemail, it plays out loud so the entire office can hear it.



Amir: Oh my gosh, you'll never guess where I was this morning.



Jake: Yeah.



Amir: An Oscar after party! Okay dude, I was with Forest Whitaker, Jake! 



Car horn beeps.



Amir: Forest--



Horn blares loudly again.



Amir: AAAAHHOHH!



Jake: Where are you walking?



Amir: I'm on like a really busy freeway.



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														Opening Sequence



Amir: You're watching Emmy award winning Jake and Amir.



Jake: Webby award winning.



Amir: What the hell is that?







Episode



(Amir is in some room, talking on the phone and holding and looking at a packaged action figure)



Amir: Mickey my friend! Yes. She has arrived, and she is looking



Jake: You can't just walk out of meetings like that.



Amir: She is looking very mint and extremely cherry. A little scuffing on the plastic, but otherwise extremely nice. Very good work my 

friend, you have outdone yourself! (Beckons Jake closer)



Jake: I'm close enough.



Amir: Haha! Absolutely. Yeah you should have the money either today, or at the very latest tomorrow. Yes. Fine work. You know, if 

you're a little worried, I can wire the money to you electronically right now. (Beckons Jake closer)



Jake: Stop snapping at me!



Amir: Yes. Okay. Bye. (Hangs up)



Jake: You want the money electronically?



Amir: Yeah I don't know how to do that.



Jake: D'you buy something on eBay?



Amir: Bought. I made one bid, eight weeks ago, and this guy is hounding me.



Jake: Well did you win?



Amir: Yeah I won. I mean, I made a 600 dollar bid, and the thing was, like, 8. eBay's my bitch. For real.



Jake: So you're not gonna pay the guy.



Amir: Pay? No, we're not paying a goddamn dime.



Jake: I'm not involved.



Amir: You're gonna be singing a different tune when you realize that all of (his phone starts ringing) my eBay information is actually 

yours. One second. (Picks up) Mickey! Yes, sorry friend. How is Cheryl? Long time no time. No, I realize we just spoke, it just seems 

like forever. (Beckons Jake closer)



Jake: I'm close enough.



Amir: Hah! Absolutely. No no no, the money is being wired electronically, as we speech. I'm gonna throw in a little something extra for 

your efforts. Yeah how does 12 dozen fresh New York City bagels sound? Check ygo outside, I want you to walk downstairs, and open your 

door and check your doorstep. Okay? Alright you did that? You know why there's nothing there? Cause it's not gonna happen. You're not 

gonna get your money. And the bagels? Forget about it! (Hangs up) Anyway, where were we? Yeah yeah, so I hadlike, my account was 

flagged several times, so I had to useyou knowmy various friends information as my own.



Jake: (Taking out his phone) My phones ringing.



Amir: Yeah, is it an 0119723653 area code?



Jake: Yes, what is going on?



Amir: It's Kuwait. Here give it to me.



Jake: What shit have you gotten me into?



(Jake gives Amir his phone and Amir picks up)



Amir: ????? ?????, ?? ????? ??. ??, ?? ?? ?? ???? ?????. ??, ?? ?? ??? ???? ?? ????. ????? ?????. ??. ??, ?????? ????? ????? ?? ??? ??? ???? ???? ???? ??? ????? ?? ??! ???

! (Translation: Mahmoud my friend, what's up? Yes. No, I got? the bill, my friend. Yes, no no you'll get the money. Look in the mail. 

Yeah. Oh, you looked in the mail and the money's not there? You know why? Because I didn't send it! Bye.



(Amir hangs up and gives the phone back to Jake. Then Amir's phone starts ringing.)



Jake: Is that Mickey?



Amir: Yeah, I'm sorry one second. (Picks up) Mickey my friend! Yes. You got my last two prank phone calls. Nah nah nah, I'm driving to 

your house right now with the money, that's why I was just giving you a little goof. I was giving you a little goof. Look outside, do 

you hear that car honk? Can you hear my car honking? Listen. Listen, can you hear my car honking? No you can't hear a car honking, you 

know why? Cause my car's not there, cause I'm not coming to bring you any money! Alright my friend, the packaging is scuffed! The 

packaging is scunoyou sno I didn't say it was mint or cherry. Don't put words in my mouth. Thethe eBay listing said complete mint 

condition, and I'm looking atI have my associate right now, Jake Hurwitz, looking at the packaging too







Outro



(Amir is still talking to Mickey)



Amir: I'm sorry my friend, it's not gonna happen. Oh I entered into a contract? Oh I entered into a contract. I entered into a 

contract? Okay, yeah how about we talk about this contract in court! Because you're not



Jake: Why even pick up the phone?



Amir: (To Jake) Because it's Mickey, I wanna talk to him.



Jake: But why answer it?



Amir: Because he's my friend!

													

														Amir: Hey, thank you so much for watching Jake and Amir.



Jake: That wasn't supposed to be sarcastic.



Amir: Okay.







[Amir makes squeaky noises with his mouth as Jake enters, seemingly shaken.]



Amir: Whoa. What's wrong?



Jake: I was just mugged.



Amir: (getting up to approach Jake) Oh my god, are you okay?



Jake: No. No, I'm not; I'm just so freaked out. I feel vulnerable as hell right now



Amir: (raises hand in gun gesture) FREEZE MOTHERFUCKER!



Jake: What is wrong with you?!



Amir: What? I was just kidding! It's not a real gun.



Jake: Oh my god...



Amir: Or did he do it BY KNIFEPOINT? (pretend stabs Jake)



Jake: (pushing Amir away) Get off of me!



Amir: Relax, man. All right, I'm not actually trying to (puts Jake in headlock) PUT YOU IN A HEADLOCK and say, GIMME YOUR MONEY! Gimme your money!



Jake: (crying) Ah! I don't wanna die! I don't wanna die!



Amir: (Jake still crying) What is wrong with you, man? I'm not actually trying to (Amir reaches for Jake's pocket) TAKETAKE YOUR WALLET! GIMME YOUR WALLET, man! GIMME YOUR WALLET!



Jake: (crying, trying to hold back Amir) Stop it! Stop!



Amir: (holding wallet) This is your wallet?



Jake: (taking back wallet) He didn't even get my wallet...



Amir: What did he stealhe stole your phone or something?



Jake: No, he took my gym bag, but I had stuff in there. I had mesh shorts, I had a juice in theremy house keys! He took (looks at pocket)



Amir: (pointing) I can see them...



Jake: (holding keys) They're here. They're fine, but everything else...



Amir: Oh, so he took your juice...



[Jake checks pocket again.]



Amir: Oh.



Jake: (holding juice) It's here. II put it in my pocket; I forgotbut this is not as full as I remember it.



Amir: Oh, you think he took it out and then took a sip of it



Jake: I don't know. I don't know, 'cause it happened so fast.



Amir: Yeah, which is probably more of a reason that he didn't stop to sip your cranberry juice, man...



Jake: (raises arms) Okay, well, I don't wanna talk about it anymore.



Amir: (raises Jake's shirt) Okay, I can see you're wearing mesh shorts!



Jake: All right, fine. Thank god I put them on, and he didn't get the mesh shorts; he took my gym bag.



Amir: YouCan't you just get a new gym bag? I don't understand...



Jake: Well, yeah, they give 'em away for free at the gym, but he'll probably just steal it again.



Amir: Who would steal a gym bag?



Jake: I don't know, man; he's, like, eleven. They don't care about anything.



Amir: (pause) You got mugged by an eleven-year-old.



Jake: (sighs) She rode her bike by and just swiped



Amir: Sheshe rodeso it was an eleven-year-old girl that



Jake: You're being an asshole. You're being incredibly insensitive, and I can't talk to you like this. (walks away)



Amir: (pointing) Okay, right there. That's your gym bag; it's attached to your belt.



Jake: (holding gym bag) I swear to god she made a legit swipe at this; that little bitch tried to jack me, all right? (grabs juice) And this juice: it was full; it was unopened!







Jake: (talking on phone) And the mugger tried and tried and said, Gimme all your money! And I said, NO! Not today, you motherfucker! And then  he said... Nope! Not gonna tell you! (laughs) Means you gotta call me back. All right. Love you, Dad. Bye.



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO Amir - Hello, you're watching Jake and Amir and I'm a robot



Jake - Really funny.



Amir - Okay, I wish you meant that.







Jake: Going somewhere?



Amir: Oh, are you going somewhere? What are you an airline motto maker, and that's your motto, that's your prized motto? How long have you been working on that one? You should be able to sell it. Are you going somewhere? Tee 



Jake: Okay.



Amir: Okay. You don't care why I have everything, ever?



Jake: No, Amir, I don't.



Amir: Okay, then I won't tell you.



Jake: Good, please don't. 



Amir: I'm running away from home.



Jake: Don't tell me.



Amir: Ooh, and you can't try to stop me.



Jake: I'm not trying to stop you.



Amir: Because you can't stop me, and you won't stop me. Because I'm done, I'm fed up. I can't afford it anymore, and I want out, alright? It's smothering me. I want to just leave it all behind. 



Jake: You're not leaving anything behind, apparently. What can't you afford?



Amir: Rent, ass, okay? I live in an apartment full of people that hate me and I just can't take it anymore, okay? All of a sudden, people give a crap where I leave all my garbage.



Jake: So you were evicted?



Amir: Okay, do you know what evicted means? Evicted means I live in a building filled with pussies that can't handle my rock  roll attitude and my party jeans.



Jake: I don't think you know what evicted means.



Amir: Okay, you know what? Forget it, I'm done. I just, I'd rather crash with you for the rest of my life than ever go back there.



Jake: I would rather not.



Amir: That would actually make sense because I could just live with you rent free then, we could just, we could just chill out and.. 



Jake: You cannot live with me rent free.



Amir: Well not.. obviously I'd pay you in some fashion, just not with money, right now.



Jake: It doesn't matter because you're not living with me.



Amir: Haha, look at us, we're already having roommate squabbles. Hey let's talk about it tonight, it's taco night Tuesday, which means I bring the Tortillas but you have to bring the meat this time, okay. I'm sick of.. meet me in the middle. 







Amir: Oh no, my bat...



EPISODE LINK

													

														Opening Sequence



Jake: Hey, you're watching??



Amir: What? You're watching who? You're watching chicka-chicka Jake Hurwitz.







Episode



(Jake is sitting on a couch playing on his phone, when Amir comes in)



Amir: What are you doing?



Jake: What was I doing, or what am I doing now? Because what I was doing was kicking ass at Angry Birds, and what I'm doing 

now is getting ready to kick your ass, since you're frigging me up at the game.



Amir: (Reaching for Jake's phone) I own at this game, so lemme play one second??



Jake: Ahh!



Amir: One second??!



Jake: You are an anus of the highest calibre! Don't grab at my phone!



Amir: I once beat the first level in one chicken so I obviously know??



Jake: Well they're not chickens they're birds.



Amir: Yeah, well a chicken is a bird, so.



Jake: Yeah well it's not called Angry Chickens, it's called Angry Birds.



Amir: Yeah, well you have to capture eggs, and chickens lay eggs.



Jake: Well so do hens.



Amir: A hen is a chicken!



Jake: Is it? Is it really?



Amir: Yeah, it is a female chicken!



Jake: Fine, fine, I'm f**king with you. It doesn't even matter. Just shut up. Every time you talk, I'm taking away a turn. You

lose a turn every time you talk.



Amir: No way.



Jake: That's one turn lost already.



Amir: No, because I never agreed??



Jake: Two! That's two! You don't have to agree. That's two turns.



Amir: Lemme start over??



Jake: Three.



Amir: ??I agree to the rules.



Jake: Three.



Amir: I said I agree to the rules??



Jake: That's four.



Amir: I'm not gonna say anything when we start??



Jake: That's five. We're starting. We already started.



(Amir half snores)



Jake: Please be quiet with your breathing, you're f**king me up.



Amir: I'm not saying anything!



Jake: You're breathing really heavy!



Amir: Okay I'm nervous for you!



Jake: Just shut up! Just sit back, and don't say anything.



Amir: My cousin beat 23 levels of this game. I know how to play it??!



Jake: That is bullspit, that is bullspit.



Amir: It's not bulls??okay you just got a text message from your dad, it said me and your mom are worried about you.



Jake: Yeah, they're probably worried that I'm not gonna be able to beat the game, but they're wrong! Cause I can play it all 

the time. Here fine, you wanna play?



Amir: Yeah??



Jake: WELL WHY DON'T YOU GET YOUR OWN PHONE THEN.



(Amir wells up and leaves)



Jake: You will respect my authorita. Pigfucker. I need TP for my bunghole. You pigfucker. Eat that shit, you pigfucker! You make me feel like I'm 

living a bird might dream, something something huh.



(Streeter opens the door, Amir behind him)



Streeter: Jake, can you just let him play, please?



Jake: He can get his own phone, Streeter.



Streeter: Can you let him play?



Jake: Streeter he can get his own phone!



Streeter: You can share!



Amir: Yeah you can share with me, you anus of the highest calendar!







Outro



(Amir is sitting next to Jake, using his phone, but holding it so the screen is facing away from him)



Amir: Okay get me to the game. How do you??(sneezes on the phone) how do you get to it?													

														(Intro)

Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir

Jake: That was perfect, do them all like that.

Amir: Nay

(Amir watching a loud movie with gun shots and screaming. Amir is eating a sandwich.)

Jake: Hey, are you done working for the day?

Amir: I'm working, for the day.

Jake: Your headphones aren't plugged in and your computers being very loud.

Amir: Yeah jokes on you coz these aren't headphones alright, there earmuffs, the sound is turned all the way up. 

Jake: Yeah

Amir: Yeah and these protect me from that, so.

Jake: Why not just turn the sound down?

Amir: Because my fingers are covered with fricking cheese ya idiot. What am i gonna get cheese all up in my.

Jake: I was just gonna say if you're done with work you can just..

Amir: Be more quiet, I know

Jake: Go home. Okay there's no use in being here if your just gonna..

Amir: Act a fool. Right. 

Jake: Be loud, please don't try to finish my sentences.

(Short pause, Amir staring at computer screen)

Amir: Sentences

Jake: You were really late on that one okay.

Amir: Can I have the rest of your sandwich?

Jake: I don't have a sandwich, you have a sandwich. You have an entire sandwich still.

(The movie begins to talk in Amir's voice)

Movie: Get down here Jake, freeze fool. 

Jake: Is that your voice?

Movie: No its me, professor blumenfeld and class.. is overruled (makes gun sound affects)

Jake: That doesn't make any sense. Are you watching a movie you made?

Amir: No I'm watching a documentary on food and ink it's called food inc, did you know that a lot of today's..

Movie: Suck my dick-tionary, Webster. Here's a word you've never heard before (multiple bleeps and parts of curse words)

Jake: Okay wow, this is really starting to..

Movie: Freak me out.

Jake: Wow he's better at it than you are, look if you're going to listen to a movie at work you should at least make it so it's not so..

Amir: Loud

Jake: Racist I was gonna say, would you at least..

Movie: Plug your head phones in.

Jake: This sounds like it's a really bad movie

Amir: Yeah it is, okay. But this is just a rough cut alright, leeron sent it to me for some notes, although it's pretty close to final. Do you have any notes?

Jake: You just said it was good.

Amir: Yeah it was but I was expecting it to be good. But now it looks, its turning into like one of those, it's like an et, you edit it over and over again, then by the end you don't even know what you're watching anymore. It's true to the script. 

													

														INTRO: 

Amir: This episode of Jake and Amir is brought to you...  



Jake: By what?



Amir: I don't know.







Jake: Hey, I'm just on my little brother's Facebook...



Amir: Ah, me too me too



Jake: No, yeah I know. Can you delete some of the things you posted on his wall?



Amir: What's- what things-what's some things?



Jake: Sorry, that wasn't a question. Delete everything you've ever posted on his wall before.



Amir: Uh, he's nineteen years old dude. Cut the cord. 



Jake: He's seventeen.



Amir: Dude lied to me then. 



Jake: Did he lie to you or did you maybe just read his birthday wrong on his page?



Amir: Yeah maybe that's it. 



Jake: That's it. Some of these things are like offensive and others are just annoying.



Amir: Give me one example of each.



Jake: Here's an example of both. 'Hey did you get my poke? Poke me back if you got it, playa. Hey, my last poke said poke me back if you got it, playa. But, everybody has poke so I'm expecting one unless you're a faggot.'



Amir shrugs. 



Jake: What is that?



Amir: A poke, it's like 'Hey, I got your attention but I don't have to write on your wall about it, just a way of saying...'



Jake: Delete your Facebook.



Amir: (clicks) Done.



Jake: You didn't do anything. You just signed his wall again 'Hey, your big bro is acting like a toolbox extraordinary. Don't get mad if I piss on his jeans tonight.'



Amir: A lot of these are just inside jokes between us so, butt it out. 



Jake: Well I just clicked on your wall to wall and he hasn't signed yours once and you leave him like videos like this. (Jake plays video) "Micah, it's Amir. It's two am on a Wednesday. Poke that bitch or we're done! (laughs) Nah, no that was a joke but this is very serious. Call me right now. Your brother's hurt."



Amir: Are you still pissed about the last time he visited?



Jake: You mean when he went to get a drink from the water fountain and you shoved his face into it? Yeah, he lost two of his front teeth. 



Amir: Okay, I apologized for that.



Jake: You said: 'Sorry you don't have a sense of humor, bitch.' 



Amir: And I genuinely meant that. Okay, I am sorry. I feel really badly that he doesn't have a sense of humor. Wh- What can I do? I can't go back and give him a sense of humor. It is what it is. I apologized.



Jake: Just leave him alone, okay?



Amir: Fine. (leaning into computer) Hey Micah, it's me...



Jake: Are you leaving him a video message right now?



Amir: Your brother's being a real toolbox extraordinary but poke me or I'll fucking kill you. 



EPISODE LINK

													

														Opening Sequence



Amir: (Creepily) Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, and it's



Jake: So creepy, stop it.



Amir: (Creepily) Sorry about that.







Episode



(Amir is eating a ton of food at his desk, when Jake comes in)



Amir: Breakfast is served!



Jake: Yes it was. What is all that?



Amir: Can I interest the gentleman in, like, an English muffin or a crepe?



Jake: Those are crepes?



Amir: No no no no, these (holds something up) are blintzes, these (holds up a crepe) are crepes. Okay?



Jake: Think I'm good.



Amir: No, you're not good, until you've had one of these omelettes, Amir style: with a little bit of salt.



Jake: Yeah I think I don't want



Amir: Well Amir style isn't just a little bit of salt, I lied. Okay, it's a lot of salt. And you're gonna enjoy half this thing of 

salt. But, if you were out partying last night



Jake: I wasn't.



Amir: Okay, I was gonna say if you were out partying



Jake: I wasn't.



Amir: Well if you were partying, then you want one of these hangover killers, this huevos rancheros, made Amir style: no salt at all.



Jake: You have a very inconsistent style.



Amir: Yes.



Jake: This food looks really old.



Amir: Yeah it's about a day old, okay. I overdid it at brunch yesterday.



Jake: You thought you could eat all of this food at brunch?



Amir: I jokingly said to waitress yesterday at brunch, Hey, one of everything please. She starts giggling, there's a chemistry there, 

so I smile at her, but I grab her forearm and I go, Hey, that wasn't a joke. I want one of everything, bitch. She takes me at face 

value because, you know, duality of man or whatever. Bitch starts bringing out plate by plate for like an hour and a half! We're going 

nuts! The whole restaurant's just up in arms. They start adding tables, because I'm at table for one, right, so there's not enough 

room, there's not enough area to support all these plates. After every plate she's like, Are you sure you can afford all this stuff? 

Because, you know, you've seen me on Saturday nights, I'm dressed like a vagrant or whatever. But I go, Hey, not only am I sure I'm 

gonna pay you for all this stuff, but there's a tip in it for you. I start losing it, I am going nuts, this is crazy right? At 11:30 I 

say eff it, I'm liveblogging the thing. It's going crazy, the Twitter sphere is just abuzz with this stuff. We're getting retweets, 

comments on my message board, it's absolutely ridonculous. We're going crazy in there! All of a sudden I start feeling like I'm in a 

fucking gameshow or something



Jake: What gameshow?



Amir: Alright, long story shirt, I'll give you a blintz for 11 bucks instead of 12 if you promise to throw in a little extra for the 

huevos rancheros.



Jake: Why would I pay you for your huevos rancheros?



Amir: Alright lemme level with you man, because you're obviously not getting it. I can't afford to eat 500 dollars every time I go out. 

I can't have that on my conscience, I can't have that on my card. So, this is what I'm gonna say to you: I finish all this food in 

three minutes or less, you pay me for it. If I don't? Okay, I'll pay you double of what I paid.



Jake: Fine.



Amir: Alright, fine. (Takes a bite of the omelette) Ugh! I'm sorry, no. This is(spits it out) this is too salty.

													

														INTRO Jake  - Hey, you're watching Jak- get your hands out of my pockets. 



AMIR: I'm looking for something! 



JAKE: I don't care.







JAKE (to the tune of Caress Me Down): Mucho gusto, mi ilamo hungria. I'm hungria than Ron J- hey, does anybody want any food cos I'm ordering some



AMIR: SUP!



JAKE: You sure you wanna order get man? You got a lot of breakfast food left. 



AMIR: Ok, that was like two days ago! 



JAKE: Ok, so throw it away!



AMIR: Why are you yelling at me? 



JAKE: You yelled at me first. 



AMIR: That's fair. 







JAKE: I'm ordering a turkey club, what do you want? 



AMIR: I will be joining that turkey club for I shall be getting... a full turkey!



JAKE: Ok, but that's not what I'm gett -



AMIR (slamming hands on desk): OK, what are you -



JAKE: Hey, hey. 







AMIR: Ok, does this place do wine? Because I'd be more than down to split a bottle with you



JAKE: No, they don't have wine. 



AMIR: Like a Sovignon Blanc or like a Reisling? 



JAKE: They don't have wine. 



AMIR: Like a Shiraz or a Pinot Greej maybe? A Pinot Grigio? 



JAKE: Yes, they do not have wine. 







JAKE: Ok, you don't get to use the mouse anymore cos you're trying to check my email 



AMIR: Damnit. 







AMIR: Maybe like a Merlot. Like a really, really dry, like a super dry, just like a sweet fucking wine. Like a fucking Rose







JAKE: Why don't you just order on your computer, and I'll tell you what I want. 



AMIR: Nah, my computer doesn't have internet.



JAKE: Today? 



AMIR: ...sure. 







AMIR: Alright, forget it. I'm not hungry. 



JAKE: Ok, great.



AMIR: THAT WAS A TEST! You were gonna let me skip lunch?. I'm so underweight as it is. 



JAKE: I know. 



AMIR: I weigh 78 pounds. 







AMIR: Uhhh I'm so hungry



JAKE: So jet me order your lunch



AMIR: I can't think straight, ok? Let's just order after lunch, I'm sorry. 







AMIR: Ok, I'll have jam, tuna fish and cracked pepper, and then like vinegar on a chocolate croissant. And then just to drink just a keg of what coke is made of.



JAKE: Syrup? 



AMIR: Yeah just the syrup and OH! You know how turkey pastrami is turkey with the pastrami seasoning around it? Can I have that but with twinkies? 



JAKE: No. 



AMIR: Ok. 







AMIR: Alright, how much do I owe you? In -



Pennies fall out of Amir's wallet onto the desk. 



JAKE: Ok, will you please just pay me in bills! 



AMIR: Wow, what do I look like, Ira Glass?  



JAKE: Kind of. 







STREETER: Hey Jake, man, we're gonna go try out that new sandwich place dude, you in? 



JAKE: Yeah, I am. 



AMIR: No way, Joe Z. 



STREETER: Also Amir, that pizza you ordered is here.



AMIR: Ok, just put it on my desk, let it cool off, this is taking forever anyway. And DON'T ask me for a slice. 



The End. 



Episode Link

													

														INTRO- AMIR (In a Jamaican accent) Hey mon, you be watchin' Jake and Amir, mon.



JAKE: Is that an offensive Jamaican accent?



AMIR: Yeah, mon. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



INT: CollegeHumor Office 



AMIR: Hey, did you get my sext last night?



JAKE: What?



AMIR: I SEXTED you.



JAKE: Don't say that to me.



AMIR: Don't say that to me or don't say that to pee? 



(Amir plays laugh track from his computer)



JAKE: That wasn't funny.



AMIR: Hm. These guys seem to disagree with that.



JAKE: Sorry. I didn't think it was funny. 



(Amir plays crowd booing track)



JAKE: So you downloaded various crowd noises?



AMIR: (to office) Great idea, right guys?



(Amir plays crowd applause track)



JAKE: Cool.



AMIR: Cool as ice! 



(Amir plays YMCA)



AMIR: No.



JAKE: You downloaded YMCA.



AMIR: No no no no.



(Amir plays crowd booing track)



JAKE: Oh! Sounds like they're booing you, man.



AMIR: No no no. They're booing you, okay. You think you're all that and a bag of chips? Well, I got a news flash fo' ya, buster. (Plays fart sound effect) You ain't nothin' but a fart.



JAKE: That couldn't have been the button you meant to press.



AMIR:  Well, you're just jealous 'cause they love me. OH! They love me. (Plays fart sound effect) They think I'm a sweet fart.



JAKE: So now fart's a good thing?



AMIR: Hm, why don't we ask the Village People?



(Amir plays fart sound)



(Amir plays different fart sound)



(Amir plays different fart sound)



(Amir plays different fart sound)



(Amir plays different fart sound)



(Amir plays different fart sound)



(Amir plays different fart sound)



AMIR: (while hitting fart sound effects) It's stuck on a mode.



(Amir plays a different fart sound)



(Amir plays a different fart sound)



(Amir plays a different fart sound)



(Amir plays crowd cheering)



AMIR: OH! Amir fixed the problem. The crowd goes a-wild! 



(Amir plays YMCA)



JAKE: Go home.



AMIR: Why go home (singing) when I can stay at the-



(Amir plays fart sound)



(Amir shuts computer and slams it against desk multiple times) 



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														[INTRO]



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: Oooh, spoiler alert!



Jake: Not really.



Amir: Okay.







Amir: Hey, didn't you say you had, like, a cousin or something who worked at a ticket agency--



Jake: [interrupting] An uncle. Yes. And you asked me about the Dora tickets -- he hasn't gotten back to me--



Amir: [interrupting, now on the phone] Hey, Laila! Hey, it's your Uncle Amir. Hey, uh, remember those tickets I was telling you about earlier? How I said they might not happen? Well, now they definitely are! [laughing joyfully] Yeah! Get excited! Five tickets for the fifth row on your 5th birthday -- it's perfect! Ha, ha -- you know what perfect means? It means guaranteed!



Jake: It doesn't mean that.



Amir: No, no, it's definitely, definitely happening, so you can start bragging about it at kindergarten. [laughing] Yeah. Uh... a meet and greet? With Dora and Diego? [to Jake, covering the mouthpiece of the phone] Can we swing that?



Jake: No! I don't think we can swing that! I don't even think we can swing the tickets!



Amir: [to Laila] We'll see about that. No, no, no, okay -- you know what we'll see means? It means guaranteed! So put it in the books! It's gonna happen!



Amir: [to Jake] She is going guerilla shit right now, man. She's so happy. I can't thank you enough.



Amir: [to Laila] Put your daddy on.



Jake: Okay, no. I just went to the Dora website -- the tickets are sold out and they're really expensive, so I don't think my uncle is going to get any at all!



Amir: [to Laila's father] Hey, dude. Yeah. No, I can-- I can hear her going friggin' guerilla shit in the background right now. Yeah, I was telling Jake she's hyperventilating. No -- yeah, I know. Yeah -- a lot of broken promises in the he past, I know I'm 0 for 4 on this birthday stuff, man, but you got-- come on! Fifth row for a frickin'  Dora Live that's coming through in the clutch plus a meet and greet plus a private tea party with her, after -- just her and Dora and Diego...



Amir: [whispering to Jake] Get your uncle on the phone -- we're in deep, man.



Jake: [whispering] Why are you doing this?!



Amir: [to Laila's father] Alright, that's gotta fucking count for something, man-- look, take me off speaker phone. You know, put my little princess back on. Put my little princess back on -- I wanna make some promises to her.



Jake: You're lying to her.



Amir: I wanna make some promises to her... that she can definitely count on.



Jake: Okay, my uncle just emailed me back -- he said he doesn't work at the ticket agency anymore. He got fired like a month ago.



Amir: Yeah -- no, invite whoever you want, okay? Yeah, invite the whole kindergarten class [laughing] All the Sea Otters can go. That's right. You know what sea otter means? It means guaranteed!



[FALSE END]



Amir: [on the phone with Laila's father] Not at will-call, huh? Um... come to the side door. I'm waiting there for you. I'm waiting at the side door. [waving] Can-- can you see me waving? You're at the side door and you can't see me? Yeah, that's 'cause I'm not there, man, alright? The tickets are not happening -- I'm sorry. I tried my balls off but they were a no go. I don't know, dude -- frickin' take her to a Chuck E. Cheese or something; it's not my 5-- [getting another call and checking his phone] Can I-- let me call you back in, like, five seconds...



Amir: [clicking over to new call] Mickey my friend! How are you?



[END]

													

														JAKE: Hey, I'm Jake and thi--



AMIR: And I'm Amir. Sorry. Sorry. 



JAKE: That's fine. It's- You've done that nineteen times. 



AMIR: Yes, and I've apologized all nineteen, so. 







JAKE: Hey, I'm Jake and th--



AMIR: And I'm Am--Wow, I am-- You have a right to be mad at me. 







JAKE: Hi, I'm Jake, and this Amir. And it is that time of the year again. 



AMIR: Oh, you got your period, boy? 



JAKE: Not how those work. It's time to submit to the Webbys. 



AMIR: Oh, I don't know why, the Webby's were last year, and (reaches off screen for the award) oh, we won!



JAKE: Yes, last year's Webbys were last year. 



AMIR: What?







JAKE: Hey, I'm Jake and this is Amir--



AMIR: Wait, sorry. Question. What's my move when you say 'this is amir' and I like uh--



JAKE: Say nothing, just be natural. 







JAKE: Hey, I'm Jake and this is-- (Amir is in a frozen pose) That is not natural. 







(Amir is now laying on his side on top of the couch, behind Jake)



JAKE: This is much, much worse. 

AMIR: OK, step in the right direction, though. 



JAKE: Wrong direction. Much, much worse? 







JAKE: The Webbys are looking for new submissions in dozens of categories. 



AMIR: Right, except for ours, which is pretty much full. So, don't even bother. 



JAKE: What are you doing? 



AMIR: Winning! (winks at the camera) . . . Winking. 







JAKE: Why don't we just take a five minute bathroom break or something. We'll collect our thoughts, we'll come back and we'll do it again, OK? 



AMIR: I like it. Which bathroom? 



JAKE: There's only one bathroom. 



AMIR: OK, which stall then?! Which sta--







(Jake is by himself on the couch)



JAKE: Hey, I'm Jake from Jake and Amir, reminding you to get your Webbys submissions in. More info after this video. 



(Amir enters but is off camera)



AMIR: OK, who are you talking to?



JAKE: Nobody. 



AMIR: You better not be doing this Webby thing without me!



JAKE: I'm not, relax.



(Amir walks right in front of camera to fiddle with it)



AMIR: All right, then let's play it back and we'll see!  



JAKE: Don't touch the camera, you don't know what you're doing!



AMIR: Let go! Let me use my key!



(slide with Webby info) 



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tXtSCbPiB8

													

														INTRO:



JAKE: Hey you're watching Ja--



AMIR: Please please please tell me where you bought those jeans.



JAKE: Why now?



AMIR: Why not?







[Jake is playing ping pong with another CollegeHumor employee. Jake scores a point, winning the game.]



JAKE: Game, set, SNATCH! That's what you are, man, get out- don't-- hey, bow to me, bow- c'mon, hey!



(Amir walks up to the table)



AMIR: Hey lemme play!



JAKE: No.. way. I'm not playing you on account of you suck and I don't wanna play you.



AMIR: Come on!



JAKE: Fine. Let's go, you serve first.



(Amir serves, Jake misses the ball and goes to retrieve it.)



JAKE: Aight, your serve then.



AMIR: I just served!



JAKE: Yeah well we rally for serve! (He tosses the ball to Amir.) NOW it's your serve.



(Amir serves the ball, and Jake hits it off the table.)



JAKE: Aight I was NOT ready, I was talking, I was in the middle of a f***ing sentence. (Amir looks at him with an open mouth.) I'm ready. Go.



(Amir serves the ball, and Jake hits it past the edge of the table, so Amir catches it.)



JAKE: DEah- euw- my point! My point! You caught it!



AMIR: It was long!



JAKE: Yeah you hit it, that's my point!



AMIR: So if I hit it into your body then that's my point.--



JAKE: Yes. It's how ping pong works, it's called listening.. 101.



(AMIR slams the ball right at Jake.)



JAKE: Aight. eouh. 2-0, me.



AMIR: Why?



JAKE: (tossing the ball back to Amir) Cuz it wasn't a legal serve! If you don't know how to serve, then don't play the game!



AMIR: Fine. (He serves the ball, Jake returns it, then Amir slams it into Jake.)



JAKE: (dodging the ball) Ow, my point! 3-0.



AMIR: It hit you!



JAKE: Ok it grazed me!



AMIR: You said ow.



JAKE: 3-0. Gimme the ball. My serve.



AMIR: You gave me the ball.



JAKE: Well give it back!



(Amir tosses it back to Jake.)



JAKE: Bad throw! (He leans over to pick up the ball and smashes his forehead on the table.) OW! AHW, you're an anus. But, uh, sneak attack! (He serves the ball and it goes off the end of the table.)



AMIR: Hey! Ok. (He retrieves the ball.)



JAKE: Aight. Give it up.



AMIR: But you just-- it- you just served it--



JAKE: It was a joke. I was kidding. Give it-- Alright. 4-0. That's.. counts now. 5-0, 5-0, not-getting-the-joke penalty. Sorry Sally Jessica Raphael, that one's lost on ya. Here it is! (He serves the ball.)



AMIR: (Returning Jake's serve) Sally Jessica Raphael...



(Jake and Amir rally back and forth, then Amir scores a point.)



JAKE: (Retrieving the ball.) Alright, crossed the table but I'll give it to you.



AMIR: Wait what do you mean crossed the- like th--



JAKE: Doesn't matter what I mean, cuz I said I'd give it to you, didn't I? You need to learn how to be funny, man, I'm sorry, you need to learn how to be funny. Six-nil, you get one point for being a bitch, this one's for the skunk though.



AMIR: The skunk?



JAKE: Skunk! It's an 11-1 game, but hey if you don't know that, brotha, YA ALREADY SKUNKED! LATA! (He serves it into the net.

) F***! (He throws his paddle in frustration, and a cry of pain is heard from off screen.)



END.







OUTRO:



JAKE: (To the off-screen person) I feel bad, but I'm not gonna feel that bad cuz I smashed my face on the table before, alright. (Picking up a paddle from the ground) And trust me, that one hurt me more than it hurts you! Ok? (To Amir) Ah, this is gonna reserve for the skunk. Here we go! (He serves it, presumably off the table) Alright, I was talking--

													

														INTRO- AMIR: Jake and Amir. You're watching it. Us. Our video.



JAKE: Do you need a script?



AMIR: Yes.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

INT: CollegeHumor Office 



(Amir enters in Dorothy dress with fireman helmet on)



AMIR: Ugh! Long day (sits at desk) and it's just getting started.



JAKE: No. It's 5:30.



AMIR: Well, it's gotta be 5:30 somewhere.



JAKE: It is. Here.



AMIR: Just sendin' out my minions soon to do (said in Amir's classic nasal voice) the dirty work. (In his normal voice) Sendin' out my minions to do the-



AMIR AND JAKE: dirty work.



JAKE: Got it. I actually don't want you to explain anything else because I do not want to be involved in whatever you-



AMIR: 300 kids in 213 neighborhoods. All over the city. Plus! A little upstate New York. I even got one in Allentown, PA workin' for me! Dude's a little shit though. Met him on Facebook.



JAKE: How'd you meet the other ones?



AMIR: Facebook. But they all weren't little shits about it.



JAKE: Got it.



AMIR: Jake. These kids are bringin' home 2 pillow cases full of candy, min. I skim 10% off the top and pay them double face for each piece. (Laugh)



JAKE: So you're paying them?



AMIR: Oh, out of the nose man. I'm like Willy Wonka, baby. Chomp Chomp, bitch.



JAKE: Willy Wonka never said that. Why would you pay them for candy bars?



AMIR: Dude it's ridiculous. I ended up owing a kid over $800 last year for a frickin' York Peppermint Patty.  I don't know.



JAKE: How is that two times face?



AMIR: That one got away from me. I'll admit it. It was a slippery slope there, so.



JAKE: Okay, well you know that: A) You can buy your own candy at the store and B-



AMIR: All right. Stop right there! Okay, because I'm not doing this for the candy, all right.



JAKE: So why are you paying kids literally hundreds of dollars-



AMIR: Thousands of dollars.



JAKE: Thousands of dollars!



AMIR: Can you just shut up one second?! I'm on Facebook Chat with this little twerp from Allentown. Now he's telling me that I have to pay for my own train ticket out there. Okay, so, how do I get back? Do I ask his dad for a ride? Clearly not because his dad's already pissed at me for talking to the 13-year-old while he's at school.



JAKE: Why are you wearing a dress?



AMIR: Okay, all right, all right. How long have you been sitting on that question, Hurwitz? What else?



JAKE: I'm serious. It's Thursday, it's not Halloween. There's no Halloween-



AMIR: Laundry Day. Okay?



JAKE: So you had no other clean clothes?



AMIR: No! What? No! Laundry Day is when I steal shit from Laundromats. You think I bought this dress? No! I'm like Willy Freakin' Wonka.



JAKE: You don't know who Willy Wonka is.



AMIR: Chomp. Chomp.



JAKE: Who's washing a fireman's helmet?



AMIR: You gotta promise not to tell on me, man.



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO Jake - Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.  See, that's how you do it.



Amir - Yeah right. That sucked. 







AMIR: (pause) Hey. (pause) Hey. (pause) Hey. (Jake is still ignoring him, Amir throws the pen he's been holding at Jake)



JAKE: (pause) What? 



AMIR: Can I have your father's e-mail address?



JAKE: No. 



AMIR: I ASKED YOU VER-- . . .I asked you very politely, OK? It's nothing bad. So just give me his e-mail address.



JAKE: I don't care what it is, all right? You're not going to get my dad's address. 



AMIR: All right, me and you have been arguing way too much recently and I think we just need to spend some time apart. 



JAKE: OK. That's actually really mature of you. 



AMIR: You know, just get away for a while. Just go our separate ways.



JAKE: You do not have to convince me. I completely agree. 



AMIR: Perfect. Submitted. (chuckles) You're about to be so happy. 



JAKE: What?



AMIR: I just booked us--



JAKE: No. Stop.



AMIR: An eight night, ten day Mexican staycation!



JAKE: You just said you wanted to take a break!



AMIR: From work.



JAKE: Get away for a while. 



AMIR: Yeah, from the office.



JAKE: You specifically said 'go our separate ways'!



AMIR: (sings) Pack your bags, we leave tonight.



JAKE: I have plans tonight. 



AMIR: I'm not taking 'no' for an answer.



JAKE: Well, take no for an answer, OK? Because I can't just get up and go on an 8 day vacation with you. 



AMIR: STAYCATION!



JAKE: You're using that word wrong!



AMIR: Do you not get why we need this? Do you not see why we need this?!



JAKE: Do you understand why I'm not coming with you?



AMIR: Yeah, because it does 'fit' into your schedule!



JAKE: No, because it's eight days long and you told me about it 30 seconds ago!



AMIR: You know, why go on vacation? You just took me on a guilt trip.  Hey, that's pretty neat. Best part of all, I didn't have to drop 40K on that. (laughs) And we don't have to suffer through any all you can eat banana leaf buffets or go through any scuba diving lessons which is perfect because I'm deathly afraid of water anyways!! 



JAKE: You can't make me feel bad for how you spend your money!



AMIR: (clapping) Bravo. Bravo. Bra--what a victim you are. You must be in the worst shape of ever.  I feel so bad for Jake.



JAKE: Does anybody want to go to lunch?



AMIR: You know what? Guess what? That e-mail I was going to send your dad? Yeah, it was bad. It was a Trojan horse.  You know what that is? It's a computer virus that would have taken down his whole network. Now do you want to go on a staycation with me? Or am I too crazy?!  



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYx6QEBnBq4

													

														Intro:



Amir: Hey Evan, you're watching Jake and Amir!



Jake: Great, one for Evan.



A: Now for everyone else.



(Amir walks in, badly sunburned and wearing stereotypical Mexican clothing)



A: Hola.



J: Hey. How was Mexico?



A: Como est, como est.



J: Okay.



A: Que?



J: Nothing.



A: What did I miss?



J: A lot of work. You didn't email and tell anybody that you were leaving.



A: Porque.



J: I don't know. What'd you do down there?



A: I spent nine days getting the lay of the land. Then on the tenth day I left my hotel room and got badly... badly lost.



J: Wow, is that were you got that terrible sunburn?



A(singing): Como una promesa, eres tu! ERES TU!



J: It looks like it really hurts.



A: It hurt more yesterday, yes. My entire face was in a blister.



J: So you picked up a little bit of an accent then.



A: Yes, just a small, small leetle bit of an accent.



J: Little bit of an Italian accent and no Spanish-



A: I was lost for many moons, and many suns.



J: You were gone longer than eight days.



A: Yes, 17 moons, and oddly 21 suns.



J: That's not possible.



A: Well maybe I missed some moons, yeah.



J: You probably missed some moons.



A: Yeah, cause I fall asleep at nighttime.



J: Right.



A: Do you want your souvenir or not, I had to smuggle it.



J: Okay then no!



A: Let me just pass it through me, sanitize it, and give it back to you.



J: So it's in your butt right now.



A: S. S seor.



J: Is that why you're so unbelievably calm?



A: Yes. 



J: And you won't sit down? 



A: I cannot sit down it hurts too much.



J: Because you have a souvenir inside your anus.



A: S s yes.



J: What'd you get me?



A: I got you a real authentican Mexican sombrero.



J: Okay, let's get you to a doctor.



A: Ah s, actually don't touch me because it's EXPANDING IN ME! Ohh-

													

														INTRO Amir - Hey, you're amazing and you're beautiful.



Jake - Just introduce the video. 



Amir - I love you. 







AMIR: Hey, did you get my e-mail about me wanting to pitch you movie ideas?  



JAKE: I did. Did you get my response about how I didn't want to do that?



AMIR: All right, first up. It's a movie, but it's also a sweater. What?! You can wear it, you can watch it, you can do whatever. Looks fabulous, be good. It's sweater: the movie. 



JAKE: No.







AMIR: So you know how every good movie is just a combination of two other movies? 



JAKE: No. 



AMIR: OK, so you're definitely not going to like Fever Hitch. 







AMIR: This one is based on a script. 



JAKE: All movies are based on a script.



AMIR: Not documentaries! (flips paper in notepad) OK, so it's a documentary about scripts, right? 







AMIR: The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo Fast, and Too Furious. No.







AMIR: Stewart Thinkpen was an average guy--



JAKE: Pass. 



AMIR: Argh, sorry, just took me forever to perfect that voice. (hits Jake)



JAKE: Ow-ow!







AMIR: Harold and Maud and Kumar. OK. 







AMIR: Oh! If you liked the sweater movie--



JAKE: I didn't. 



AMIR: --Well, let me get through the freaking pitch without you tainting it with your negativity! Sweater 2: The Jacketing. 



JAKE: No.







(Amir is picking skin off his burnt face)



JAKE: Hey man, will you not do that right now? 



AMIR: It's like, a lot of it is just dead skin.   







AMIR: American Beauty and the Beast. (chuckles) Just give me something man.  







AMIR: She was a girl who had all the answers. He was the boy who had just one big question. And then--argh, I've got nothing. If you've got something, that'll help me out a lot. 



JAKE: Well, let's just pass on it for now. 



AMIR: All right. Maybe piling it. (draws a circle on the pad)







AMIR: The Sisterhood of the Traveling Antz, with a 'Z'. 



JAKE: No. 



AMIR: OK, maybe. (circles on pad)



JAKE: That's--Sorry. So the circles mean maybe? Because you've circled every single idea I've said no to. 







AMIR: The Talented Mr. Ripley's Believe It Or Not. 



JAKE: That one is not even a movie. 



AMIR: Not yet. These are pit-- Oh, I see. Rip--Yeah. Maybe. 







AMIR: Uh, all right. I think that went well. 



JAKE: It didn't. I said no to literally everything you pitched. 



AMIR: Well, now I know what you don't want to hear, so that I can sort of re-imagine everything--



JAKE: Don't think of any more movie ideas, all right? Man, you're really bad at it and I would quit entirely. 



AMIR: Ouch. (chuckles) That is a tough pill to swallow. Heh, you got to understand that I was really jazzed about these ideas last night. I was like air-boxing with no one, writing them down, getting super jazzed. So for me to hear that, that's tough man. That's tough for me to hear. 







AMIR: (sigh) I guarantee that if you knew what you were saying to me, if you knew how much that would affect me, that you wouldn't have said half the stuff you just said. 



JAKE: I think I'm going to go. (gets up and leaves shot)



AMIR: Yeah, I think I'm going to peace out too. I might take a personal day because I feel like there's a--



JAKE: Well you just got back from a two and a half week long Mexican vacation. 



AMIR: STAYCATION! And--(falls back into couch) You're right. Why'd you say that stuff, man? 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Dv43UUPJ4s

													

														INTRO



JAKE: Hey, you are watching Jake and Amir.



AMIR: You smug little prick.



JAKE: Wow, wow wow!



AMIR: Sorry.



Amir walking around next to the elevator. The elevator arrives and Jake comes out.



AMIR: (talking to nobody) Ha ha ha! Bye, dude! I'll see you! (to Jake) Hey, what's up?



JAKE: Were you waiting for me by the elevator?



AMIR: No! I was talking to my friend Raymond and then he had to leave the second that you got here.



Jake and Amir start walking to their desks.



AMIR: Anyway, what have you done today?



JAKE: So far? I woke up...



AMIR: Same.



JAKE: ...got dressed...



AMIR: Same same.



JAKE: ...came to work.



AMIR: Same same same, triple same, knasty knasty. I'm actually pumped to work with you today. 



JAKE: On what?



AMIR: Just being at work is a thrill. Why do you have to question on what?



They stop walking.



JAKE: What is that?



Jake's desk is wrapped in toilet paper.



AMIR: Oh! Cowards! Everyone here is a coward for that. Bastard got my desk too. 



Jake starts removing the toilet paper from the desk. Amir stops him.



AMIR: Stop, okay! Stop, it's not worth it! We are gonna get through this!



Amir tries to hug Jake. Jake stops him by putting his hand on Amir's face.



AMIR: We are gonna get through this!



Amir tries to hug Jake again and Jake stops him again.



AMIR: (singing) Gonna get, gonna get, my mind off you!



Amir tries again to hug Jake and Jake stops him again.



JAKE: It's not that bad.



AMIR: It's not that bad!? It's wet!



Amir grabs a water bottle and starts pouring water on the paper. Jake stops him.



JAKE: Hey, hey! You're doing that! Did you do this?



AMIR: (talking fast) No, I couldn't have done this, because earlier this morning I went pet shopping with my friend Raymond from earlier, and then we both got a hamster and went to my apartment and then we got to work at the same time. My hamster's name is... (looks at the desk) Toilet Paper, and toilet paper...



JAKE: I didn't ask you the hamster's name, and wow, you should have thought of a name that didn't sound like toilet paper.



AMIR: Alright, let's just blow today. Can't we just take a personal day and go for a picnic or something? I'm sure the bandit left us some sandwiches and a frisbee. 



JAKE: He didn't.



AMIR: Check under your desk maybe it's there.



Jake checks under the desk.



JAKE: Nothing.



Amir checks under the desk.



AMIR: What!? No! How..? Who... who did... THIS (pointing at the desk)... it's what I'm pissed about.



JAKE: The toilet paper?



AMIR: Yeah. Well, you know what? The bandit must have left the food and the frisbee at my apartment earlier today because he was distracted, busy with the scheming of things, so why don't we swing by my apartment and then the bandit might have to take a dump real quick.



JAKE: The bandit or you?



AMIR: (sighs) Alright, just cut me some slack man, at least I'm trying.



JAKE: You're lying.



AMIR: I'm lying because you don't trust me ever. 



JAKE: How can I trust you? You lie all the time!



AMIR: Why tell the truth to someone who always thinks you're lying?



Jake looks confused.



AMIR: Alright, you want the truth? The truth is I just wanted to hang out with you, okay? I'm sorry, I wanted to go on a picnic with you. But then... this bandit! (grabs toilet paper) With this joke, this prank just ruined everything! Let's just... let's get out of here, man. Let's just forget it. Let's set it and forget it. I think best course of action: GTFO.



THE END



http://www.jakeandamir.com/post/1544860521/toilet-paper

													

														INTRO (pause) Jake - You were supposed to do this one. 



Amir - Ack, my bad.



Jake - Bad.







(Jake is in the office, his cell phone goes off, to the tune of a Ke$ha song)



JAKE: (on cell) Hey. Where are you?



AMIR: (on the other end, appears to be in a prison) Good good, man. How are you?



JAKE: I said 'where are you?'.



AMIR: I'm fine. I'm better than fine, actually. I'm great. Hey, uh, could you do me a flavor? (laughs) No, I said flavor instead of favor but could you go into my drawer and pull out one of the pieces of paper that's there? 



JAKE: Wow, these are a lot of reckless driving tickets. 



AMIR: OK, could you go like five minutes without editorializing? 



JAKE: Sorry, but I'm just saying--



AMIR: I'm serious, I was talking to Sarah and like we both agree that you never say anything plainly. You always have to like, have the last word and it just, it gets really tiring. 



JAKE: OK, I'm going to hang up. 



AMIR: W-w-wait! Could you find one that says 'oh, good driving sir. We owe you eleven hundred dollars'? And please do it without adding your two cents for once. 



JAKE: OK, there's one that says you owe them eleven hundred dollars. 



AMIR: No, that's not it. Keep looking. Keep looking for the one where it says they owe me the cash. 



JAKE: Just...before I keep looking, police don't do that.



AMIR: You sure about that? Like is that a fact or is this another case of the Jake's, where you just keep on talking to hear the sound of your own voice because honestly, if it's the latter--



JAKE: It's fact.



AMIR: Bitches and cream, that blows. 



JAKE: You have tickets. You owe the police money. A lot of money. 



AMIR: Fu-udge-sicles. Anyways, how was your weekend? 



JAKE: It's Tuesday afternoon!



AMIR: Good good, yeah, mine was bad. Really bad, actually. I got arrested for doing 90 in a zero. 



JAKE: A zero?



AMIR: Well there's no like sign or anything but it was a freakin' kindergarden so yeah, I think you're supposed to go zero! 



JAKE: Look, I know this is a small thing to bring up but before, when you first called and I said 'where are you?' and you thought I said 'how are you?' . . . you said you were good.  



AMIR: OK, please don't do this now, OK? I'm being held without bail, so it would be really nice just to hear someone say that it is not my fault. 



JAKE: I do think it's your fault. 



AMIR: There you go again with the talkie-talkie! You sound like the freakin' cop that I punched. Hey, what was the name of that song...?



JAKE: I whip my hair back and forth. 



AMIR: Yes. That's the one. Tight. 



THE END.  



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KuKecKxPTJw

													

														[Introduction] 



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake  Amir. 



Amir: Hey, starting when? 



Jake: Now. 



Amir: So say that! 



[Jake is sitting on the toilet, playing Angry Birds] 



Jake: Take that, pig f***er. 



Amir (knocking on the stall door): Hey! 



Jake: Someone's in here. 



Amir: Jake! Jake! 



Jake: Yeah, I'm in here. 



Amir: Where are you? 



Jake: In the- Where are you? Right? You're in the bathroom. So, where am I? In the bathroom. 



Amir: Okay, you just left your desk two minutes ago and you didn't say anything. 



Jake: I said I'd be right back! 



Amir: sighs What does that mean? 



Jake: It means I'll be right back and not to follow me to the bathroom. 



Amir: Okay, should I chill out here, or you want me to wait for you? 



Jake: Just chi- Okay, I see what you did. Neither. Alright? Just go away. 



Amir: Hey! Let me in, okay? Somebody's coming. 



Jake: No. 



(Amir scoffs. coworker enters the bathroom) 



Amir (in a Boston accent): Hey! Get outta here! Nobody's takin' a poop here! Mind your own bees! 



(Coworker leaves) 



Jake: Hey, whoever that is, don't worry, you can go to the bathroom. It's fine. 



Amir: He already left. 



Jake: Come on man. We have to work here, right? 



Amir: How much longer do you have in there? 



Jake: I don't know, alright? I can't exactly go to the bathroom with you here talking to me. 



Amir: Fine, fine. I'll stay, but I won't say anything. 



Jake: That makes no sense, but fine. 



(Brief silence broken by Amir making a high pitched noise.)



Amir: Hey, I read on Yahoo News that laptops are cooking people's- 



Jake (interrupting Amir): Hey man, you just said you weren't gonna say anything. 



Amir: Alright, fine, okay? Keep it mum, alright? Mum's the word. 



Jake: Thank you. 



Amir (To the tune of War by Edwin Starr): Mum! Huh! What is it good for? Absolutely nothing! 



(Amir kicks in the stall door and falls to the floor) 



Jake: Jesus Christ, man! What is wrong with you? 



Amir: Me? You said no talking! That was a kick! 



Jake: Yeah, you were singing! 



Amir: Oh my god! Singing isn't talking. 



Jake: Yes it is! 



Amir: Why do I- Why do I bother? Why do I bother if you're just not gonna like it? 



[After College Humor logo, Amir is still on he floor in front of the stall.]



Amir: It just doesn't- I don't buy it man. I'm sorry, it doesn't make sense. Why would I- Why would I do this? Like, it doesn't- It doesn't help. You don't like me. It just drives you away even more, and then mumble in the bathroom? That's so- it's cold, man. This is a waste of time. 

													

														[INTRO]



Amir: Hey, you're watching me!



Jake: And me.



Amir: Well... mostly me, though, if you think about it.







[Amir is watching Jake eat a Kit Kat bar]



Amir: Can I have the rest of that bar -- that Kit Kat bar?



[Jake ignoring Amir]



Amir: [singing the jingle] Break me off a piece of that tick tack tart.



Jake: You obviously knew what it was called.



Amir: Just give me a break, man. [singing jingle again] Give me a break, man. Give me a break--



Jake: I only have one bar left.



Amir: Which means you've had three! So give me one! Give me one of your four bars. Just give me one of the four!



Jake: Fine! Fine! Here. Take it.



Amir: [taking bar] No thank you. You know what? On second thought, I don't really want it. I'm watching my weight -- watching it go up. [laughs] No, I'm going to toss it, though. [throws bar in trash can]



Jake: Why did you do that?



Amir: I had a second thought.



Jake: So give it back to me!



Amir: You already gave it up, okay? It was mine to throw away. I had a second thought; I didn't want it anymore; so I threw it away. What's it to ya?



Jake: It was my candy bar.



Amir: You gave it to me.



Jake: You took it from me!



Amir: I asked you for it and you gave it to me, so it was mine. I could have done whatever I want with it, alright? It's gone now. Forget it. Let it go. It's a sunk cost. Live life without the bar.



Jake: Fine!



Amir: [angrily yet quietly replying] Fine! Just, ughh... [talking to himself] So, if I eat it and two days later I take a crap and it goes in the toilet, he doesn't complain about that. But if I put it in the garbage now, then it's a bigger deal. I don't understand what the difference is. It's not his. It's gone. But he just latches on. He latches on and I can't let it get to me. I just have to let it go-- IT'S A FRICKIN' KIT KAT BAR, MAN! It's 99 cents! What do you want?! A quarter? You want a quarter for it, you're going to be that petty? Just forget it, man! Just pretend that I dropped it on the ground and I didn't want to eat it -- does that make you sleep at night?



Jake: Why don't we just move on?



Amir: Well, I'm not going to let you sit here and sulk about it, okay? Say something! You're obviously pissed!



Jake: Yes, I am pissed! I said I just wish you didn't throw it away.



Amir: Yeah? Well, sometimes wishes don't come true. I'm sorry.



Jake: Whatever.



Amir: I mean, when I was six I had a wish, too. I had a wish that everybody I knew would be dead. How's that for a wish?



Jake: I don't know -- selfish?



Amir: Bet you wish that one didn't come true.



Jake: Yeah.



Amir: You know, if you're gonna be a bitch about it, then here: [tossing Jake an unwrapped Kit Kat bar] A full Kit Kat bar. Enjoy that, ya bitch!



Jake: So why'd you want one of mine?



Amir: Okay, you know what? Here! [throwing more unwrapped Kit Kats at Jake] Take the whole lot! Jakey gets all the Kit Kats. Enjoy them, ya bitch!



Jake: Why do you have these?



Amir: Because I buy two or three a day and I save one, okay? But I bet you knew that already, didn't you, bitch?



Jake: I clearly didn't.



Amir: Alright, you know what? Here's an idea: We go bar for bar -- see who can eat the most candy.



Jake: You just said you were watching your weight.



Amir: Yeah! Watching it go up!



Jake: So, that wasn't even a joke?



Amir: [with mouth crammed full of multiple Kit Kat bars] Are we doing this contest, or not?!



[END]

													

														INTRO:



JAKE: Hey you're watching Jake and Amir



AMIR: Sorry are you gonna finish that sandwich?



JAKE: That's the microphone.



AMIR: Well just give it to me!





(Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks. Amir is playing with a Rubik's Cube)



JAKE: Hey--



AMIR: Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Speak!



JAKE: My cousin just sent me the new "Auto Tune the News" clip, and you know those creepy facebook wall posts you leave me?



AMIR: Yes.



JAKE: Like the ones late at night where you--



AMIR: Yes I remember, I don't-- you don't have to give me a history lesson. 



JAKE: Well they're a song now.



(Jake plays a part of the song "Poke Me", and the accompanying video is shown. The included lyrics are: "Poke me (poke me) / Poke my wall (poke me) / Poke my face (poke me) / Poke my pictures (poke me) / Poke my videos / I want you to poke my status / And I want you to poke yourself / Go poke yourself")



(Jake stops the video.)



AMIR: What? Which cousin?



JAKE: That's not important.



AMIR: Evan? Johnny? Scott?



JAKE: Madeleine.



AMIR: Mad- Okay, [a] girl? So she's not your cousin!



JAKE: You can have female cousins.



AMIR: No I can't! Okay, both my parents are only children; you knew that.



JAKE: You have a cousin named Leron.



AMIR: He's adopted!



JAKE: By who?! Alright focus. Focus, okay. You're in an internet video.



AMIR: ...what.



JAKE: Lots of people are watching it and you look like a needy loser.



AMIR: You look like a jerk!



JAKE: I'm not even in the video. And trust me, if I were in an internet video, nobody would think I was a jerk.



AMIR: Ugh, this is not what I envisioned when they asked me for permission and I said yes.



JAKE: What?



AMIR: Yeah, they emailed me and asked if they could use my creepy videos to make a funny song out of it. Well, I'm not laughing!



JAKE: So they asked for your permission. 



AMIR: (through laughter: "Asked for my!") They gave me final cut approval, okay? Three weeks ago they send me a rough and it just sat in my inbox. Yesterday, on a whim, I reply "I have no notes". I don't know what got into me; it just happened. Ninety minutes later they send me a final cut; I guess they made some last minute audio tweaks. I respond, sight unseen, "This is f***ing gold, I'm proud to know you guys. Love, Amir", and then, this thing!



JAKE: So this sounds like it's mostly your fault.



AMIR: Lemme just-- lemme see if I can ask them to take it down or something. 



(Amir gets up and walks a few feet over to where the guys from Auto Tune the News (brothers Evan, Andrew, and Michael Gregory) are standing. They greet each other and Amir kisses Andrew's hand.



AMIR: I think that video's gotta go down or something.



MICHAEL: If you don't want it up then we'll take it down right away.



AMIR: Yeah that's true. I dunno, I feel bad.



ANDREW: We told you from the get-go, you've got total veto power.



AMIR: That's true. I dunno, it is catchy.



EVAN: Well, why don't you go take it down yourself? We made you an admin on the page.



AMIR: Shut up okay! Maybe-- Let's just keep it up at this point.



JAKE: Hey, before you turn around and tell me that they can't delete the video, just know that I heard that entire--



AMIR: Yeah it's a no-go on the vid going down, man, I'm sorry, I talked to them but they won't budge. They're being douchebags about it!



EVAN: (to Jake) It's not like that--



AMIR: (over Evan) --BAH, so.



ANDREW: (to Jake) He paid us money to do this.



AMIR: They didn't do that. No--



MICHAEL: (holding his phone) I just took it down.



AMIR: DON'T DELETE IT! Put it back up then! (Pulls phone out of pocket) I can actually, I'm an admin, right? (pronounces it "adMIN")



EVAN and MICHAEL: Yeah.



END.





OUTRO:

(The Gregory brothers and Amir are recording the vocals on an a capella cover of "Poke Me". Amir is singing the wrong lyrics, trying to put the lyrics of "Bed Intruder" in. Eventually Amir takes over.)



AMIR: (Singing to the tune of "Bed Intruder") You don't have to poke, I'll be poke. They're looking for poke. They're gon' find you. They're gon' find poke. And you can poke and--



MICHAEL: (singing falsetto) Shawty...



EVAN: That is... That's an *idea*.



AMIR: (mocking Evan's tone) It's a good *idea*. (Singing to tune of "Bed Intruder") So you can poke and tell-- You don't have to poke anywhere, I'm lookin' for poke! I'm gon'...(Normal speaking voice) Is- I can't really do it solo.



MICHAEL: (phone in hand) I just deleted it.



AMIR: Don't delete it, put it back up!



(Screen goes black)



MICHAEL: I just put it back up.													

														INTRO



Amir: I'm the one who wants to be -



Jake: You said you weren't going to do this.



Amir: I lied.







Jake: Hey, Rosie. Rosie, come here. Check out this thing on my computer, man.



[Rosie laughing]



Jake: It's crazy, right?



Rosie: Oh th-



[Amir pulls chair from underneath Rosie as he sits down]



Jake [celebrating]: Ho ho, nice! Way to go, man.



Amir [aggressively]: AH!



Jake: Nice job.



Amir: AH!



Jake: All right, don't be angry.



Amir: Mmhmm.



Jake: Why are you mad? You should be happy. We did it.



Amir: Hrrrr.



Jake: All right.



Amir: Hrrrr.



Jake: Yes!



[Amir dancing]



Jake: Celebration... celebration, nice.



Rosie [in pain]: My back...



Jake: ... you look mad, so ... that's uh ...



[Amir slaps Jake]



Jake: Ow! If you don't know how to celebrate, just clap twice and go all right!



[Amir claps twice]



Amir: AH!



Jake: So you heard the beginning and not the end. Just clap twice and say all right.



Amir: ALL RICE.



Jake: All - no.



Amir: HENRY!



Jake: Okay, you're getting further away from it. This is crazy. Let's say you won the lottery, all right? What do 

you do? How do you celebrate?



[Amir unbuckles his belt and bends down]



Amir: Grrrr. Shit on ye!



Jake: That is the weirdest thing you have ever done! Do you not know how to celebrate? Have you never been 

happy before? You're an alien.



Rosie: I think I really messed something up. Something popped.



Jake: This has gone SO poorly. I'm done hanging out with you, okay? You're a weird person and you have no 

grasp of social norms, and then you slapped me and that really hurt so I'm putting myself at risk of bodily harm 

by hanging out with you. I'm done. I'm going back to work.



[Rosie pulls chair out from under Jake as he goes to sit down, Jake stands]



Jake: OH NO! Nice try! Trying to get J-Witz on the same prank? I don't think so. Suck it, fuck it, AH AH AH, bend 

you over a bucket bitch, who's with me?



[Amir punches Jake]



Jake: OW, what the fu-







Rosie: I'm cold... I trusted you!

													

														INTRO



Amir: You think you're so cool for watching Jake and Amir? Well you ain't!



Jake: Do you want people to stop watching?



Amir: No please!



END INTRO



Jake: Hey man you never have any food so it's a little weird when you ask me to eat with you. You also haven't blinked in a really long time, aren't your eyes dry?



Amir: I moisten it with this washcloth so I don't need to blink.



Jake: You're blinking behind the washcloth.



Amir: Rock paper scissors for the rest of that sandwich.



Jake: No.



Amir: What's the matter? Afraid you'll lose the sandwich?



Jake: Correct!



Amir: If you're afraid you'll lose to me then we don't have to play!



Jake: Hahahahaha, stand up let's do it!



Jake and Amir: Rock paper scissors shoot!



Amir: Ooo kemosabe!



Jake: Nah dude, you took a beat that's a DQ.



Amir: That's my sandwich.



Jake: Best 2 out of 3, best 2 out of 3.



Jake: Rock paper scissors shoot! Go to sleep, what have you got? Ooo scissors.



Amir: No.



Jake: That's scissors man.



Amir: It's paper.



Jake: No no no, your fingers are separated, this is scissors, this is scissors, this is paper! Like this, cup it almost like it's rock.



Amir: I was like this.



Jake: No, you weren't. You gonna be a bitch about it, you wanna be a bitch about it? You want your sandwich bitch? Here have your sandwich bitch.



Amir: I can't breathe.



Jake: You're a bitch.



Amir: struggling to breathe



Jake: You're not gonna make me feel like an asshole alright, you were cheating. I'm, I'm sorry, good lunch.



Amir: struggling to breath Jake.... Jake...



Jake: You know what you're doing? You're fighting the breathing and that's what's making it more painful, it's painful breathing right? Try only exhaling.



Amir: struggles to breath



Pat: Is Amir okay?



Jake: He's fine, I apologized to him twice already.



Amir: Once, you apologized once.



Jake: Alright look dude if you don't stop acting like a little bitch I'm gonna tell everyone you cheated during RPS and then you're gonna look like a douche.



Amir: No!



Jake: Alright good, you good?



Amir: Yes.



Jake: You're ribs not broken? Tell me does this hurt?



Jake: We good? Pound it. Stardom shot! Oh that's not your rib so you can't be pissed at me unless you're a bitch.



Link

													

														INTRO



Jake: You're watchin' Jake and Amir--



Amir: Oooh, you're watchin' you're so cool



Jake: Come on...



Amir: You try too hard







(both walking to desks)



Jake: So what'd the doctor say?



Amir: It was like a clean break, so it couldn'tve actually punctured--



Jake: Don't make me feel like a jerk.



(they approach Patrick standing with Bake Sale sign)



Patrick: Hey guys!



Jake: Hey



Patrick: Bake sale! Muffins, cookies, chocolate roundies, we're raising money for my sister's friend. She's very sick.



Amir: Yeah how much for a cookie? (puts cookie in mouth)



Patrick: Uh- cookies are a dollar.



Amir: (with cookie in mouth) A dollar, are you kiddin-haha-you'd have to pay me to eat another, here! (bites cookie) Give me money!



Patrick: Well, anything you can give.



Jake: I'm not hungry but um, sounds like a good cause man, here. (reaches for money) Have uh, have twenty. (hands Patrick the money)



Patrick: (droned out by Amir) Thank you



Amir: Wawait if you're gonna give him twenty dollars at least let me load up ok, don't just do it for free- let's see, a twenty dollars, at like, a dollar a cookie, and we gave you twenty, so that, turns out to be like one plus so that's close to like-- (puts his hand in the cake and begins to make jestures with it while talking)



Patrick: Stop ruining the cake!



Amir: Wha- We already paid for it, ok? We gave you twenty bucks and for twenty bucks I could go like this if I wanted to. (squeezes a fistful of cake)



Patrick: Jake gave me twenty dollars



Amir: You want competition?



Patrick: No



Amir: You want competition?



Patrick: I said no!



Amir: Then I'll give you a competition



Patrick: I said no!



Amir: I'm gonna have a bake sale giveaway.



Patrick: What is that?



Amir: Free cookies, free brownies, cakes will be four dollars because it'll be really worth it because it's a sick recipe but free pies! For everything else, there's mastercard.



Jake: It's not about having the better cake, it's about having the better cause.



Amir: (laughing) The better cahaha-- I'm gonna have such cause you won't even believe it!



Patrick:...What is it?



Amir: Awareness.  OOOHHHH (flipping a plate of food) Amir drops the bomb!



Jake: Come on now man.



Amir: What, I'm sure Pat's just making this whole thing up so he can make some money on the side, right Pat?



Jake: No, Pat wouldn't do that, alright? He has to raise money for, what was her name?



Patrick: (looking surprised).......Starlet.



Jake: And what's her disease, again?



Patrick: uhhh, gum disease, she has gum disease.



Jake: Gingivitis, how old is she?



Patrick: Uh, she is 9 months old...



Jake: Ok, can I have my money back actually--



(Patrick runs through them and down the hall)



Amir:  You know I didn't believe him at first but he had three very legit answers to all your questions. (takes bite of cookie, makes face and lets it fall to floor)  It still really hurts to eat, 'cause like--



Jake: I'm sorry about the rib, alright man? (walks away, patting Amir's side with a cracking noise)



[CHAN CHAN] (college humor screen)







(cut to Patrick, holding up twenty and on the phone)



Patrick: Hey mom, it's pat-wawaidono, don't hang up, don't hang up, ok? This is good, this is a good thing, good phone call.  Uhh, so I'm just calling to tell you, your son has come into some cold hard cash, through honest labor and uh, he, I-I got...yeah, no, I have it......it's-I'm holding the twenty dollar bill right now, it's real, ok?....Yes, it's real!  ......No-I don't know, it's not-it's, yes it's green and it has the numbers on it, it's all there it's legit....You....What would that even do? Fine.  EG-287-567-26D is that- what is that even gonna- how are we gonna know?...Don't--....Don't put Rori on...ha-th-.....Hey Rori, wow, how's it goin' man?  God it's gotta be like ten O'clock there, what are you- what are you doin'?...Hey listen could you turn the music down?..It's really..What is that hip hop?...K, listen, uh, we don't need to do this.....yeah, you got- yeah, 726D I don't know what you're gonna-....Oh...Oh, really? (examines bill) Yeah, no, you know what, ah no it was 725D so, it is real....Ok?..or whatever....Yeah, or whatever!....Ok just put my mom back on...I'm just gonn- I'm gonna- I'm getting her a Christmas present with this, so it's all gonna-.....No I'm not like, I'm not conspiring to do anything, I'm--...Don't- Don't repor--...Yeah I know you have a brother.....and I-- Yeah I know what he does....Listen, just put my mom on, I-- Look I'm tearing it up now! (crumples bill in his hand) You hear that?  It's gone, ok? (puts bill in pocket) It's gone for good, and you're never gonna see-- I'm throwing it in the garbage right now.  Um, so just put my mom on, don't worry about it, and...Hello? Oh my god he hung up like five minutes ago. (checks phone)  Alright, here we go again...Hey mom, uh, I know you're there 'cause we just talked, so I don't know why you wouldn't pick up this ti-



[End]







Couldn't find this one on youtube?  Amir's injury in this ep is a reference to the previous episode, rock paper scissors.

													

														INTRO:



AMIR: Haayyyyyy



JAKE: Hurry.



AMIR: Well, let's take our time FOR ONCE, because--







[Amir, Pat, Sarah, and Jake are sitting at a table eating lunch.]



SARAH: (to Pat) Man, I can't believe you like the meatballs at Ikea; that stuff's like Swedish prison food!



PAT: Hey, let's ask Julian Assange in a few years, that traitor will be begging for meatballs, at that point!



(Sarah and Jake laugh)



JAKE: That's good, that's very good.



AMIR: That's good, that's very good; can I tell that at my French lesson tonight?



SARAH: Oh, I didn't know you took French! That's good!



JAKE: (to Sarah) Wuwuwuwait a second, (to Amir) you don't know why that joke is funny.



AMIR: (leans in) ...Yes I do.



JAKE: Why?



AMIR: Cuz you guys laughed at it.



JAKE: B-b-but why were we laughing?



AMIR: B-b-because it was funny!



JAKE: You're an idiot. (Takes a bite of food.) You can't even have regular political banter with us (with his mouth full).



AMIR: Well then explain it to me!



JAKE: You're beyond hope, dude, you're beyond that.



SARAH: Jake, c'mon, just explain it to him.



JAKE: You wanna do it? Good luck.



AMIR: Haha, who's Julian Assange?



JAKE: Right off the bat he doesn't even know who this chick is.



PAT: Chick?



JAKE: Guy. He doesn't know who the guy is. You can't just, learn who people are.



AMIR: Yeah you can, you just learn who people are, you learn--



JAKE: Here's a tip. Here's a little tip for you right now. Teach a man to fish, right? You don't know who someone is? Take our your phone, type his name into Google. Julius Assand, right? My phone doesn't have service right now, but if it did, I'd be able to tell you who he is, in two seconds.



AMIR: You don't know who he is, do you?



JAKE: (laughing) He thinks I don't know who Julian Assand is!



PAT: I don't think you know who he is either.



JAKE: Wow, I always knew you were stupid, but I didn't know you were dumb, too.



AMIR: HAHAHAHA--



JAKE: I know who Mickey Mantle is. Number seven. The New York Yankees. How's that for stupid?



SARAH: Yeah but who's Julian Assange?



JAKE: Born Mickey Charles Mantle. That's something you don't learn on Google.



PAT: Yes you do.



JAKE: Good lunch, everybody. I'm gonna go. Pat, you get joke of the lunch with the Julian Assand thing, which a low five from me. (offers a low five, then retracts it immediately) Too slow! I get runner-up, second-best joke of lunch with the too slow thing, looks like I'm too school for school (laughs); sorry just kidding, too COOL for school, not a mess-up because I caught it first. Once again y'all are too slow and once again Julian Assand can-- (pelvic thrusts) ah!ah! --eat a penis pie 'til the day he die. This has been a Jake Hurwitz production, a.k.a.: I'M OUT!



(Jake gets up from the table, and awkward silence ensues.)



PAT: That was weird.



SARAH: Yeah--



AMIR: (to Pat) That wasn't weird! That was funny! YOUR joke was weird!



SARAH: Anyway, Amir, Julian Assange is the founder of Wikileaks, this website, and he recently got arrested for sexual assault on a Swedish warrant, so. It's kinda like an international--



(Jake comes back to the table.)



JAKE: Oh, I'm sorry, I forgot all my food, but if you guys are still talking about Julian Assange, he's the frickin founder of Wikileaks!



AMIR: What's Wikileaks?



JAKE: You gotta learn how to be funny, man. I'll tell you.. I'll tell you exactly what Wikileaks is, right now, if you can catch my low five.



(Jake offers out his hand like before, and Amir slaps it before Jake retracts his hand.)



JAKE: Too slow!



AMIR: I touched it!



JAKE: Ya knicked it!



AMIR: I slapped it!--



JAKE: (desperate) You KNICKED it!



END.

													

														INTRO:



JAKE: What's up? You're watching Jake and Amir.



AMIR: HA now you're all like what's up!



JAKE: What?



AMIR: You're a joke, man.







[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks. Amir is typing on his laptop and laughing.)



JAKE: Hey- dude! I'm not gonna ask you again. Stop responding to this email thread.



AMIR: Oh, you're getting them?



JAKE: Yes! We're getting them! Are you not getting them? Eleven people have replied and asked you to stop!



AMIR: Stop what? We're having a good time!



JAKE: Darren's fiance is in the hospital.



AMIR: Okay... didn't know that.



JAKE: How could you not know that, this entire thread has been about that.



AMIR: That's not true, a lot of my emails are about other., stuff.



JAKE: No! They're not, and they're really offensive! Like you said I got a gift idea: a new fiance, because his is broken. Does anybody have the number for the slut store? I left mine in Darren's dick LOL. What does that mean?



AMIR: (pauses and holds his arms up like Jake doesn't get it) It doesn't mean anyth- it's a joke! It's a joke!



JAKE: Is it? Is this one also a joke? I saw Darren's fiance eating a cockmeat sandwich last night. Need proof? See attached pic., with no picture attached.



AMIR: Ok I followed up on that.



JAKE: You did, five seconds later you said Sorry for the bogus attachment, y'all. Click here to see Darren's finance--spelled that wrong...



AMIR: Auto-corrected.



JAKE: It's not. You said Click here to see Darren's finance in all her glory holes., but there's no link. Five seconds later you follow up with a link to a random GeoCities page that says Under Construction.



AMIR: Yeah, I started that in seventh grade. Gave up on it, right quick. (laughs)



JAKE: Ok, well either way--



AMIR: You know I've been thinking about dusting it off, you know taking it out for a spin again, maybe turning it into like a webzine, or like a fanzine of sorts--



JAKE: For what?



AMIR: (mocking Jake). For what?. Can I ask you a question, why do you never believe in me?



JAKE: Focus. Alright this is the last thing I'll say, and it's not directly related to this specific thread, but you gotta change your email signature, man.



AMIR: Why?



JAKE: (The camera shows a shot of Amir's signature, which is ASCII art of a naked woman posing on her knees, with Amir written underneath.) It's porn.



AMIR: It's art!



JAKE: Barely.



AMIR: Alright want me to teach you? The trick is to do Shift-2 when you want to draw a pussy. Now, let's talk about that fanzine for a sec. I'm gonna lobby you some ideas and you say Yes! if they're good, Totally!, if they're bad, and I love it! if you love it.



JAKE: Ok so yes, totally, and I love it?



AMIR: Yea.



JAKE: Alright, so it sounds like you're just trying to protect yourself against negative feedback.



AMIR: Yea I don't like negativity.



JAKE: Really? You could've fooled me, cuz you just sent this email, five seconds ago, while we were talking, and it's Darren's fiance with a skull and crossbones Photoshopped above her head, and it says Rest In Pieces.



AMIR: (Agitated) Ok you gotta believe me, man. I got a photo of her eating a cockmeat sandwich, I was just too afraid to send it out. I'll put it on the fanzine!



END.

													

														INTRO:



AMIR: (trying to do the "Fresh Prince of Bel Air" theme) In west Philadelphia two best friends hanging out and have fun-



JAKE: Stop! Stop.





(Amir is sitting at his desk. Jake walks in with his younger cousin, Madeiline.)



JAKE: (to Madeleine) Alright, and this is my desk. Pretty fun, right?



AMIR: Haha, pretty fun right? (sternly) Introduce me!



JAKE: Alright, Amir this is my cousin Madeleine.



AMIR: Oooo, somebody's gonna get their period soon!



JAKE: Hey! Hey! Don't say stuff like that!



MADELEINE: I already had my period.



AMIR: It's nothing you should be ashamed of. That's all I'm gonna say.



JAKE: Okay, she's not ashamed.



AMIR: She should be, a little, but...



JAKE: (to Amir) Okay, you just said she shouldn't be. (to Madeleine) Madeleine, it's perfectly natural.



AMIR: I- I'd be ashamed.



JAKE: Oh my God! You should be ashamed.



MADELEINE: I got it when I was twelve. It's not a big deal.



AMIR: That's early, that's way early!



MADELEINE: No it's not.



AMIR: Who told you it wasn't?



MADELEINE: My mom.



AMIR: She's a lying bitch! Jake?



JAKE: Dude, that's my aunt! You can't say stuff like this!



AMIR: Do you not want me to be real? Okay, I'm a lot of things, but you can't say that I'm not honest.



JAKE: Yes I can. You just told her she had nothing to be ashamed of, then you went off on this rant.



AMIR: I can apologize for being mean, but I'm not gonna mean it.



MADELEINE: You're a loser.



AMIR: You're- Okay, Jake? Whose side are you gonna take, man?



JAKE: Hers.



(Amir scoffs.)



AMIR: You know, it was unfair of me to ask you this early in the game; take the weekend to think about it.



MADELEINE: You're dumb.



AMIR: (to Jake) Choose me, please. Please choose me. I have- she's cutting me deep and I need to hear that I have a friend right now.



(Madeleine makes a face at Amir. Amir makes the same face back at Madeleine, which Jake sees.)



JAKE: (to Amir) Will you please grow up?!



AMIR: Shuh-! She did it first, that stupid bitch! 



JAKE: Wow! Alright, we are gonna go. We have Christmas shopping to do.



AMIR: Ooo, what's the matter? Santa Claus not workin' this year? Oh yeah, I forgot: he doesn't exist. 



MADELEINE: I knew that already.



AMIR: What? I was bluffing. Jake. Jake!



JAKE: (to Amir) He's real! He's real.



AMIR: (to Madeleine) Shouldn't-- Shouldn't say that, you're not gonna get any toys.



END.													

														INTRO Amir: Ho ho ho Merry.. gs.. mas.. It's Jake an- I don't get this 



Jake - (singing to himself) Accept the poke, that's it. Then poke me bac-



Amir - Huuh. Toy drive ha ha, makes me feel good about myself. Makes me feel like a.. AAH!.. hero.



Jake: I actually had a toy that I wanted to donate.



Amir: Ah, give it here



(Jake tosses toy to Amir)



Amir, This is a loosey, not in a box, but they'll still give it away at most drop centers



Jake: Awesome man thanks. You know where it is right, it's on like uh-



Amir: Yeah, I was just there. Actually, quick smile for me, I want to take a picture of you. 



(Amir takes photo of Jake)



Jake: Wait, you were just there? Then why do you have a bag full of toys?



Ami: (looking at his phone) This is a good one ha ha, permission to tweet.



Jake: Permission not granted.



Amir: Give me your twitter handle i'll @ you.



Jake: How do you have a bag full of toys if you just came from the drop centre!?



Amir: I went to a toy drive and i got toys! What.. what don't you get? Sick children do it all the time. Ok. Best part of all is that I'm not sick so I do it guilt free.



Jake: Can I have my toy back?



Amir: ..Yes (shows book) I think.. is this yours?



Jake: This is clearly not what I gave you.



Amir: Yeah! It felt good, going down there, it made me fell better about myself.



Jake: Because you got toys.



Amir: No, Because I made a difference (sarcasm) YES because I got toys.



Jake: What about those sick kids who now don't get a toy on Christmas because you took theirs. 



Amir: I stole their smile. Listen dude, I can't give toy's to everybody OK! If i could I'd consider it, but I'm not Santa Claus



Jake: So if you could give toys to everyone you would only consider it?



Amir: Yeah! I'd consider it, cos I'm considerate, now consider this.. you're dismissed.. ya prissy boss



Jake: Biss?-



Amir: (playing with two toys) Pff pff don't send me back to the orphanage Agrrrh Suck my diss pff off



Jake: Alright, here's what were going to do, me and you, were going  down to the donation centre, together, and we'll give away the toys as a group because that's what the holidays are all ab--



(Amir throws toy at Jake)



Amir: NO! This are my toys! Steal your own! MINE!



THE END



http://www.collegehumor.com/video/6373210/jake-and-amir-toy-drive

													

														Amir: Hey you're watching Jake and Amir, unless it's open like behind the browser then it's like you're just listening--



Jake: I'm doing the next one.



Amir: Okay.



(Amir is standing at a kitchen counter, with a pile of food all over it.



Amir (singing): Accept my poke, that's it. Then poke me back. Game Over...



(Jake walks in)



Jake: What are you doing?



Amir: You scared me man! Dinner is a-swerved.



Jake: How did you get into my apartment?



Amir: Sorry, served not swerved.



Jake: Look. How did you get in here?



Amir: Obviously dinner's not gonna be swerved--



Jake: How did you get in?!



Amir (holds up keys): Oh!



Jake: Those aren't my keys.



Amir: I know, I just sort of put them in between my knuckles and punched through the window, shattering it. Then entering through the shattered window hole.



Jake: Got it. I can see that.



Amir: So, anyway, take a seat. Dinner will be out momentarily.



Jake: What did you cook.



Amir: Didn't have to. Ordered Thai instead.



Jake: You ordered-- So why's my kitchen such a mess?



Amir: You're gonna laugh when you hear this. I tried to make a 100-layer vegan lasagna. What? Who does that?



I built it up too much man, you would've been dying. Anyway I got frustrated, a little bit pissed, and I started messing things up.



Jake: Why'd you get pissed?



Amir: You're gonna laugh when I tell you this.



Jake: Look, trust me, I'm not going to laugh when you tell me anything. You've destroyed my kitchen.



Amir: I got angry, okay, I lost it for half a second, but! it'll all be worth it when that hundo-layer veg las comes out of the oven.



Jake: I thought you said you didn't make it.



Amir: You're right. Damn it, you're right! I suck!



Jake: Chill out, chill out, okay. You don't suck.



Amir: I do, I messed everything up. And now the Thai food's here. And I don't even have money to pay for it.



Jake: Why didn't you bring money?



Amir: Because I didn't think to because I'm such an idiot! Because I'm such a loser!



Jake: It's fine, chill out. I'll pay for it, you can owe me.



Amir: That's even worse, okay! I don't even want to owe you anything!



Jake: I was just saying it so you wouldn't feel like you were taking a handout.



Amir: I appreciate that, but, y'know, I don't want to owe you anything, ever! Like I don't even want to pay you off eventually, at this point I'd rather open the door, take the Thai food, spin him around, kick him in the small of the back and lock him out!



Jake: Okay just chill out, I'll pay for it, you don't owe me, it's fine.



Amir (sending text): got this blond bimbo wrapped around--



Jake: Got the Thai.



Amir: Got the Thai, good.



Jake: Did you mean to send me this text message? got this blond bimbo wrapped around my finger. another free dinner down the gizzard because I own house at fake crying?



Amir: I've been thinking about it and I want to go Dutch on the Thai. 



You gotta spot me my half though man. You gotta go Double Dutch for me. Can you do that for me bimbo?

													

														[INTRO] 



Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir... even though the old videos used to be funnier. Why don't you just watch the old videos?



Jake: [overlapping] Wow! Stop!







Amir: [dressed in full mime costume] Hey, can I ask you a question?



Jake: Mimes can't talk.



Amir: [yelling] Can I ask you a question?!



Jake: What?



Amir: It was about if mimes can talk. But you already answered it so, wow -- that was hard.



Jake: So, why'd you yell at me still?



Amir: [pantomiming zipping his mouth closed and throwing the key into a body of water, with the key sinking to the bottom]



Amir: [pantomiming being trapped behind a wall -- then unexpectedly screaming]



Jake: No noise!



Amir: I'm starting to really regret dressing up as a mime.



Jake: Now you're starting to regret it?! Not when people threw coins at you on the subway? Or when Ricky called you into his office and said you have to take this job more seriously? How about when you spent 45 minutes outside in the snow because the secruity guard wouldn't let you into our building -- how did you feel then?



Amir: [pantomiming crying]



Jake: See, that's good. You don't say anything.



Amir: [pantomiming climbing up a ladder with ease] Not saying anything...



Jake: Exactly.



Amir: [pantomiming being trapped behind a wall again] Zero. Audio. Output.



Jake: Completely silent.



Amir: [pantomiming struggling to climb up a ladder] Completely... silent... not... a peep... from me--



Jake: [interrupting] You're peeping! You're talking right now.



Amir: Well, that's because you're not giving me any feedback!



Jake: I was giving you feedback. Just shhh.



Amir: [pantomiming being trapped behind a wall again] 



Jake: That's good...



Amir: You're not just saying that?



Jake: No. Just be quiet...



Amir: You really mean that?



Jake: [exploding] You know what?! Alright, you really suck at this! Why don't you just go wash the face paint off!



Amir: It's called spray paint.



Jake: Wow. You shouldn't have spray painted your face -- how did you do your lips?



Amir: Like Binaca, okay? You form a wall with your tongue and go [pantomiming spraying at his open mouth) khh, khh, khh, and hope for the best.



Jake: Oh my God...



Amir: Hey, does everything taste like lead to you, or is that just a mime thing?



[END] 

													

														Introduction: 



Amir: Hey you're watching chick and Amir. See it sounds exactly the same.

Jake: No it doesn't.



[Jake sits down at his desk. Amir is clearly hiding underneath his. Jake starts reading from a crumpled up ransom note on his desk.]



Jake: If you ever want to see your friend Amir again, you will give me three zillion dollars.



[Jake crumbles up paper and tosses it in the trash]



Amir: Hey!



[Amir hits his head on the bottom of the desk]



Amir: Ow! What the heck man? What if that was real?



Jake: I could see you hiding under your desk. There were a lot of typos in there by the way



Amir: Okay, you try finding every letter.



Jake: You couldn't find an N or an O?



Amir: I was limited. All right. I had one "Guns and Ammo" mag and that's it.



Jake: There's no E in your by the way.



Amir: There's no E in team either, bro.



Jake: You're mixing up that metaphor. Why do you have a "Guns and Ammo" magazine?



Amir: It came free with my gun, [He pulls out his gun and pulls the slide back] and my ammo! Ha ha! No, but just the gun though.



Jake: Is that real?



Amir: No! I paid 23 hundred dollars for a fake Kimber stainless Raptor 2. [Pulls the slide back again] Ha ha. It's very real. [Points the gun at Jake]



Jake: That makes me real nervous man.



Amir: [Still pointing the gun] Yeah, I would be nervous too. All right. A .45 caliber, 5 inch, match grade steel barrel hand fitted by Kimber himself, pointed straight at my gut hole!



Jake: I don't have a gut hole.



Amir: Well this'll make one brotha! Say goodnight! Pfffff! [Pretending to shoot the Jake]



Jake: Easy! Don't point that thing at me!



Amir: You easy okay! There's no bullets in this thing idiot!



Jake: Please put that down.



Amir: Do you trust me?



Jake: No.



Amir: Do you trust me?



Jake: NO.



Amir: [Pulling the slide and pointing the gun at his head] Then I'm gonna pull the trigger.



Jake: Okay I trust you all right. Put it down.



Amir: Well if you trusted me, you wouldn't say put it down.



Jake: I do trust you!



Amir: DO YOU?



Jake: Yes! I don't know! Yes.



Amir: Why are you nervous if you trust me?



Jake: I don't know okay!



Amir: Then you don't trust me and I'm gonna pull it! In 3...2...



Jake: Stop! Stop, stop, stop, stop! I do trust you, all right?



Amir: Then if you do trust me, pull it yourself. [Amir leans over the desks and now Jake is holding the gun to Amir's forehead]



Jake: I don't wanna do that man!



Amir: Trust me! Pull it!



Jake: I can't!



Amir: You can!



Jake: I can't dude!



Amir: Ay look! Look at me! I'm telling you, there's no bullets. Pull the trigger!



[Jake breathing heavy for a few seconds. Cut away to Pat listening to music having no idea what is going on. Jake breathes heavy again]



Amir: You pussy!



Jake: I can't do it! [Letting go of the gun]



Amir: Then I'll do it!



[Before Amir puts the gun to his head, Jake shoves Amir's hand upward just as a bullet shoots out into the ceiling]



Amir: There was one bullet in it okay. Sue me.

													

														Amir: Aye! I'm Rick James! (laughs) No?



Jake: No.







Amir: Okay this (holding up picture of Jake) is a great Facebook profile pic man.  It's a great shot of you.  Right?



Jake: These are all fine.



Amir: Look at them at least, man.  Okay what about this one?



Jake: You just smell really really awful right now.



Amir: (Holding up new picture) This is an awesome shot dude, it says sunglasses, very cool California boy with a chill attitude and a red shirt.  Hey!



Jake: So this was a very very thoughtful thing for you to do, thank you.



Amir: Welp, thank me later, because this is the one I was e-mailing you about. (Holding up another new photo)



Jake: E-mailing me, calling me, texting me...



Amir: This is autumn Jake, left you a little bit of wiggle room on the left and right in case you wanted to Photoshop me in there.  The problem is, this is an autumn picture.  When December rolls around, you're gonna need a winter photo, okay?  Hey John, can we see that December photo?  Here we are... this is November! Heh, John, just the December photo please.  (Laughing) He's good he's just a little bit slow...JOHN! JOHN! JOHN! JOHN! (furious, but John hands him a photo)  Thank you.  Um... this is January! (laughing again) We'll power through, thank you.  Can we get two waters and (looking at Jake) do you want anything?



Jake: So both waters are for you?



Amir: Four waters please.  (Yet another new photo of Jake) This is winter.  Keep in mind this wasn't the one I was talking about.  But this gives you a great idea of what I was meaning.  Beanie, sweater, gui-tar!



Jake: Okay look!  I really appreciate your noble intentions here but you smell like shit and you're freaking me out with the excessive pictures of me.  So I'd like you to go away.



Amir: Absolutely. (In Jake's face) A good salesman knows when enough is enough.



Jake: It's coming from your mouth so don't talk at me like that.



Amir: Mhm.  I'm gonna leave these photos with you.



Jake: Take them with you.



Amir: Yes, of course.  Obviously you don't wanna carry around a whole portfolio filled with pictures.  Let me leave you the best one-



Jake: Take them all! Alright?  Take 'em all.



Amir: Mhm.  Customer is always right.  And in this case, (In Jake's face again) you're the customer!



Jake: You have to stop talking so close to my face alright?  You smell like absolute shit.



Amir: You're right.  You're absolutely right.  I smell like doo-doo.



Jake: What did you eat by the way?



Amir: I had a very very very old radish and a little dollop of mayo and I just let that sit in my mouth overnight, so...

													

														JAKE: Hey everybody, we just wanted to say thank you so much for being a fan of Jake and Amir on Facebook. We just got to- (to Amir) Wake up. (back to camera) - 150,000 Facebook fans, which is--



AMIR: (sarcastically) Wow, 150,000?? Wow. That must be the most ever! Oh wait, no, Vin Diesel has nineteen point nine million!



JAKE: Why do you just know that off the top of your head? 



AMIR: Do you have any idea how far we are from that? Were--



JAKE: I bet you dont know. 



AMIR: --billions away and thats- 



JAKE: Right, you dont.



AMIR: -Were never going to get there and I--



JAKE: OK, just say thank you, all right?



AMIR: Thanks for what? Thanks for Vin Diesel for stealing our fans. 



JAKE: He- How do you- Why would you think hes stealing our fans?



AMIR: I wouldnt put it past him. That shifty bald--



JAKE: Stop recording, please. 



THE END.



http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=484107004964set=vb.27472435064type=3theater 

													

														SUGGESTION BOX





[INTRO]

Amir: Hey, you are watching Jake and Amir

Jake: Hey, you're sweating a lot

Amir: Well, it's hot in here  



[VIDEO]

Amir: [Wave] Howdy, how

Jake: Shh

Amir: You know what this is? [shows a box]

Jake: Not work

Amir: Not even close

Jake: That's not a good thing

Amir: It's a suggestion box

Jake: 'Siggestion box', actually

Amir: How do I know how to improve myself, without people writing on tiny little slips of paper, and put it in anonimously into my suggestion box

Jake: You know, you spend a lot of time at work being unproductive and just generally doing things that aren't your job

Amir: Let me stop you right there

Jake: I said everything I wanted to say

Amir: You haven't said anything yet, until ya, [high pitch voice] put it in the box

Jake: Here something to consider

Amir: Put it in the box

Jake: You are not going to-

Amir: [with miserable face] Put it in the box

Jake: You are not going to-

Amir: Put it in the box

Jake: You are not going to like what people have to say about you ok? You don't take constructive criticism well

Amir: [while angry] What the hell that suppose to mean I don't [finger quoting] take constructive criticism well, ok? Who are you? To tell me this, this poison. [stuttering] --I won't hear it

Jake: You know, anybody could say something like that and put it in the box

Amir: If I s--, if I see, if I see that poison in here

Jake: Stop saying poison

Amir: You know, it just doesn't have to be a suggestion of what I'm doing wrong, it could be like a suggestion of what I'm doing right

Jake: Then it wouldn't be a suggestion

Amir: Actually, should be that, should be tips of how I'm doing stuff well

Jake: Then it wouldn't be a tip. I think you've lost, you've lost track of the concept here

Amir: I would never, tell you how to improve yourself, ok? And that's not just because your perfect

Jake: You are not my friend

Amir: You're gonna be humming a different tune once I, open the box

Jake: How would that change anything?

Amir: You are preaching into the choire, and I love that

Jake: Ok, you have gone of the rails now. At least you've started from a logical place thinking that a suggestion box could better helping yourself, but now you are speaking half metaphores which you don't entirely unders--

Amir: Shh. Put it in the box [extend his arm across the desks]

Jake: How long is your arm?

[THE END]  



WATCH VIDEO

													

														INTRO



Jake - Hey you're watching Jake and Amir... Flawless-



Amir - Flawless victory.



Jake - Dammit.



Amir - Sorry.



EPISODE



Amir - (walks in and locks door)



Jake - Did you just lock the door?



Amir - Alright, I left this (suggestion box) on my desk for 2 days so let's 

see what people really think about me.



Jake - Just remember to have thick skin, alright-



Amir - My skin is FINE alright, so shut it. You know I'm sensitive about that kind of stuff.



Jake - What kind of stuff?



Amir - Stuff about me. (makes a fist)



Jake - Don't hit me, please. Don't hit me.



Amir - Ugh, this box is like jammed, do you have scissors or something?



Jake - No, I don't just carry scissors around with me.



Amir - Whoa, ok you don't have to tell me twice. Heheh. GIVE ME THE SCISSORS.



Jake - So I do have to tell you twice.



Amir - Yeah, alright. You know, just give me your scissors and we'll call it even... Unless you want another one of these (make a fist).



Amir - Alright, first one is a joke, so I'm gonna pass on that grass.



Jake - What's it say?



Amir - It says "You should work harder, you're never at work on time and I often see you doing stuff that isn't related to your job". Heheh, someone's goofin' me. (stuffs paper in mouth).



Jake - Don't.



Amir - Hi, my name's Dan from the Witness Protection Program, can I have your scissors sir?



Jake - That doesn't even make any sense.



Amir - Ok, this one's got to be a goof. "I reek of garbage." Uh, not a suggestion.



Jake - It says right there you should shower regularly.



Amir - (Hahaha) Ok, if you don't know the difference between a goof and a real suggestion you should just leave.



Jake - Alright, I'll go.



Amir - That was a goof.



Amir - Alright, this one's upside down, I shall discard it, AS A GOOF.



Jake - "When you walk into the office, it literally feels like I'm being water-boarded with diarrhea, the stench of a billion farts."



Amir - Jesus, that one... (pats chest) THAT WAS A GOOF.



Amir - Oh what's that game? Rock, paper,...



Jake - Scissors.



Amir - HAH.



Jake - Doesn't mean I have them.



Amir - (in goofy voice) This one's a real goooof says Goofy. Hahah.



Jake - It just says "die".



Amir - (does Goofy laugh).



Amir - Ahh, let's see the next goof.



Jake - You've taken to calling them goofs before you even read them.



Amir - (looks at suggestion) Yeah, that's a goof. (looks at ground sadly)



Amir - This one's not so bad, "More healthy options in the vending machine".



Jake - Alright, I think someone didn't understand the concept behind your-



Amir - Yeah well I'm gonna make this one my mission, ok! What good would it be to ignore all of these?



Jake - What about every single other one?



Amir - Those are-



Jake and Amir - Goofs.



Jake - Right.



Amir - Yeah, they're goofy.



Amir - (looking at ground sadly) 



Jake - So are you going to keep breathing or no?



Amir - Oh what's the point, ok. Each one of these pieces of paper is a tiny little reminder that I'm not good enough. That I gotta change something.



Jake - Then why did you make a suggestion box?



Amir - I was hoping, it would be empty.



Jake - No more suggestions, did you learn anything?



Amir - Yeah, I learned I need a new job, one that's far away from these losers.



Jake - That's fine. That was one of the suggest-



Amir - Yeah you're right, I'll stick it out.



Jake - Didn't say that.



Amir - Whoa, what's that? (reaches for Jake's back pockets).



Jake - Get off me!



Amir - Give me your sciss- (finds scissors) So you had scissors.



Jake - Give them back, alright! You always get them sticky.



EPISODE LINK



Checklist of Episodes

													

														INTRO:



(2011-2012 Jake and Amir Intro with no voiceover.)







[Amir, Sarah, and Rosie are standing by Amir's desk. Amir takes the gift bags given to him by Sarah and Rosie.]



AMIR: Ohh my God, thank you so much, I needed two bags!! (laughs)



SARAH and ROSIE: (clapping and cheering) Happy birthday!



AMIR: Thank you!..



(Jake enters, wearing large headphones and holding an iPad box.)



AMIR: WHOA.



JAKE: What?



SARAH: iPad.



AMIR: AAAAhh-aaah!



(Jake takes off his headphones and smiles.)



AMIR, SARAH, and ROSIE: (chanting) iPad! iPad! (Jake starts dancing along with the chant as he walks over to them) iPad! iPad! iPad! iPahad (turns into Amir laughing) Yes!



JAKE: Boo-yah! (sets iPad box down on Amir's desk) Ha-haa!



AMIR: (taking the box) Thank you so much!



JAKE: Whoah!



AMIR: Whoah indeed! This is like... the best birthday gift ever- no offense the the bags, I really needed them--



SARAH: None taken.



JAKE: (obviously hiding the fact that he forgot) That's right, it's your birthday!



AMIR: (starting another chant) Best gift ever, (Jake, Sarah, and Rosie all join in) best gift ever, best gift ever... (Amir laughs)



JAKE: (laughing) That is awesome, yeah. Of course that is yours, and I shall leave it with you, namaste! (bows)



AMIR: (bowing twice) a- HENRY! uh- HENRY! So, thank-- Wow, 3G? Isn't there like a monthly cost associated with that or--



JAKE: Paid for, in full, by me, for you.



AMIR: Wow, I (Sarah puts her arm no Amir's back, and he jerks his back, making her retract her arm) don't know what to say, thank you, I guess--



JAKE: All I want in return is a high five. (offers a high five)



AMIR: Gladly. (laughs; goes for the high five, but misses and ends up smacking Jake's shoulder) Whoa, sorry about THAT-- (Jake grabs the box from Amir's hand.)



JAKE: This is mine now.



AMIR: What?



JAKE: (mocking Amir's tone) What? (normal) I try to give you a golden gift, and you spit in my face? You gotta learn how to be gracious, man, that was just rude. I'm taking this back to the store tomorrow.



AMIR: (reaching for the box) Just gimme the iPad back!



JAKE: WHOA! Are you nucking futs? I try to give you a golden gift and you sock me in the face. How's that for fair?



SARAH: I think you're overreacting, Jake.



ROSIE: I think you just got that gift for yourself.



JAKE: Are you nucking futs, Rosie? Are you a nucking futcase? Hey, here's a question: if I bought this gift for myself, why'd I do this? (slams it down on his knee)



AMIR: No!



(Jake continues to ax kick it in the desk, then stomp it on the ground.)



SARAH: That's--



(Jake grabs Amir's bags out of his hands)



AMIR: Why--



(Jake throws them on the ground, then stomps everything furiously.)



AMIR: (Somehow holding the backs again) Why?



JAKE: How's that for overreacting, bitch?! (He puts on his headphones and walks away. He turns around and holds his arms out, in a what now? manner.)



(The audio of the next scene starts before the video.)







[Jake is in another part of the office, on the phone with Apple support while examining the crushed iPad box.]



JAKE: Yep, that's H-U-R-W-I-T-Z, and the iPad was broken.



JAKE: Well it's under warranty so I'll tell you exactly what happened. I broke it over my friggin knee, and then I stomped it, with my friggin boot! (laughs)



JAKE: Yeah I activated the warranty, they do that for you.. automatically in the store, alright, sister?



JAKE: Ok.



JAKE: Wow, alright. Then I'll do it now. Then I'll activate the warranty now.



JAKE: (shaking his head) You gotta-- you gotta learn how to be funny, man. (the video cuts to black) I expect a full refund. You gotta be nucking futs!

													

														Intro:



Jake: Hey you're watching-



Amir: Ok, this new intro sucks.



Jake: Why?



Amir: Because it's different.











Amir: Woah... Woah.. Woah... What's that?



Kevin: Youtube?



Amir wrongly pronounces YouTube



Kevin: What?



Amir: What? Why don't you do that from home, for the rest of the day, huh? Come on buddy, get out of here.



Kevin:  This is the first time you've ever talked to me.



Amir: Yea well there's a first time for everything... man. This the first time I've ever done this.



Amir raises his arms slowly while moving his hips



Amir: But that's it, alright? Go home, bitch! Alright Mista White?



Kevin: I'm gonna get back to work.



Amir: You should have thought about that before I caught you looking at viral videos.



Kevin: I'm supposed to post-



Amir: I'm supposed ta post a post, what are you a broken poster now?



Streeter comes into frame



Amir: Are you high, man?



Streeter: Hey. H-hey.



Amir: Uh-oh



Streeter: What uh... What's going on?



Amir: Spaghetti 



Streeter: Can you just let Kevin do his job?



Amir: Yea, well honestly I'd love to, but he was just looking at legit youtube videos.



Streeter: Yea, right,  well that's part of his job.



Amir: Yea, well he was looking at porn, too. It's so gross to say it but he was.... he was looking at pornography music videos.... Pornographic music videos and he was masturbating. He was jerking it at his desk.



Streeter: Right at the desk?



Amir: Right there, he was doing it.



Streeter: I doubt that.



Amir: Yea, well I doubted it too, which is why I sent him home for the day, but its up to you if you want to bring him back tomorrow. But as of right now, the way he's acting, my vote is for fuck no.



Streeter: You do not have the right to talk down to anybody at this company.



Amir shakes his head at Kevin



Amir: Anybody, buddy.



Streeter: You barely have a job here as it is.



Amir: Barely on thin ice.



Streeter: I'm talking to you-



Amir: Kevin



Streeter: Amir



Amir: I'm done here, alright? All I'm saying is... keep your intern on a shorter leash.



Streeter: Kevin runs the videos on the site, he's not an intern. He's worked here longer than you. 



Amir: Cool... Ok Jake, here we go. Jake! Can you help us settle a debate please?



Jake enters frame



Jake: I don't want to get involved.



Amir: Is it okay to masturbate in the middle of the office? Is that cool? Is that a cool thing to do?



Jake: I told you that in confidence... Bitch!



Streeter: Woah, woah.



Jake lunges at Amir but Streeter holds him back



Streeter: Hey, hey, hey.. shhh, shhh. I do it too. I do it too. Hey, hey. I do it too, okay? I do it too, I do it too. It's alright.



College Humor logo appears







Video footage of Jake sitting at his desk at night moving his arms in a jerking motion under the desk. Streeter 

walks past.



Streeter: Good night.



Jake: Good night, man.



Jake lifts his arm and pretends he was scratching his head. As Streeter leaves frame, Jake covers his face with his hand.



End.







http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-DQcNJMz9g

													

														INTRO:



AMIR: Jake you're watching Amir- ah, frig.



JAKE: Terrible.



AMIR: Terribly bad maybe.



JAKE: Right.



[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks. Jake is eating a sandwich. Streeter is masturbating at his desk in the background throughout the video.]



AMIR: Ugh, I don't know how you can eat that garbage.



JAKE: It's a chicken caesar salad wrap.



AMIR: Yeah, do you have any idea how they made that lettuce?



JAKE: On a lettuce farm?



AMIR: In a friggin test tube? In a lab? On the back of human mice?



JAKE: I doubt that.



AMIR: You doubt, that they can grow human ears, on the back of mice? 



JAKE: I said I doubt that they can grow lettuce on the back of human mice.



AMIR: Do you know what a humster is?



JAKE: I have half an hour for lunch every day, man...



AMIR: A hybrid cell line made out of hamster oocytes fertilized with male sperm. Ok, that food you're eating might as well be a cockmeat sandwich.



JAKE: You're an idiot.



AMIR: Better--I'm a vegan.



JAKE: Meaning?



AMIR: Meaning, I don't eat meat, I don't eat wheat, and I don't eat treats, now take a seat.



JAKE: I'm sitting.



AMIR: Sitting on a bed of lies, maybe. Deep-throating a cockmeat sandwich, praying to the only god you have that mommy doesn't find out, well guess what?--



JAKE: Why do you come to work?



AMIR: Here's a riddle for ya. You know right now you can walk into a Japanese grocery store in downtown Tokyo and buy a cube of watermelon. And I'm not talking about like a cubic watermelon, I'm talking about a legit cube of watermelon. Do you have any idea how unnatural that is?



JAKE: You do know that's not a riddle right?



AMIR: No, did you know that right now there's a group of scientists at Monsanto on a lunch break, at a Chipotle for all I care, and when they get back, they're gonna be working on a tomato that's genetically altered to be the size of an apple.



JAKE: Tomatoes are the size of apples.



AMIR: NOT cherry tomatoes! And not pizza.



JAKE: You're not smart, man, alright...



AMIR: Did you know that tomato paste isn't a glue substitute? Like, you can't use it to glue stuff.



JAKE: Yes.



AMIR: Ok, well right now my dad is getting a birthday card that's drenched, unreadable and disgusting.



JAKE: That one just sounds like you had a bad arts and crafts accident, alright. Why did you have to glue his card shut in the first place?



AMIR: Turns out I didn't! Thank you very much, meat eater! Ohhhh!



JAKE: You eat meat! Ok you eat chicken McNuggets constantly--



AMIR: No no no not in a while.



JAKE: You're eating one right now.



AMIR: (taking a nugget out of his mouth) Ok, one. And that was a goof, alright. Plus, you never answered my humster question--you know what it is, or not?



JAKE: Well you told me it was oocytes fert--



AMIR: OO what? OO what?



JAKE: OO--



AMIR: OO you're wrong!



JAKE: ...



AMIR: OO you're wrong!



END.													

														INTRO



AMIR: (Pirate voice) Yarrr you be watchin' us so walk the flank!



JAKE: Plank.



AMIR: (Pirate voice) Don't embarrass me.







JAKE: (On the phone) (Concerned voice) Oh god...well, should I come home?...Yeah, Just keep me posted.  (Hangs up)



AMIR: Is everything cool?



JAKE: No, Man, my cat's sick.  



AMIR: Jesus...Why the vest?  (Points at Jake's vest)



JAKE: We have to put her to sleep.



AMIR: My god...Why the vest though?



JAKE: It's whatever, it's stupid, I dunno.



AMIR: Yeah, it's stupid.  It's very stupid.



JAKE: Man, I've had that cat since I was twelve.  



AMIR: How long have you had the vest for?  Ha.  Should put the vest to sleep, keep the cat alive.



JAKE: Okay, well, I've had the vest forever, alright?



AMIR: Forever?  There's still tags in it.  



(Jake reaches for the back of his shirt to check for tags)



AMIR: Do you keep the tags in it forever?  



JAKE: No.



AMIR: Is that like a...thing?



JAKE: Stop noticing the vest!



AMIR: I can't not notice the vest, okay?  It's weird that you're wearing a vest.



JAKE: Okay, well, I had nothing else to wear, alright?  How's that for an excuse?  I was doing laundry today.  Laundry day ha...(Moves on to cat) Man, I remember when I first picked up the cat from the cat store...



AMIR: What do you mean "nothing else to wear"?  You're already wearing something else; you're wearing the vest over that.  So it's like you're wearing a shirt jeans, that's a thing.



JAKE: Okay, well, it's a joke.  The vest is a funny joke.



AMIR: On you?  Like is that a joke on yourself



JAKE: I don't care what I look like!  I don't give a crud what I wear.



AMIR: So why're you-why is that top button unbuttoned?  (Points at button)  That's clearly a choice, right?



JAKE: We're putting my childhood pet to sleep and all you can focus on is my cool vest.



AMIR: I didn't say it was cool.



JAKE: Sorry, stylish.



AMIR: I definitely didn't call it stylish.



JAKE: Okay, well, it doesn't matter 'cause it's comin' off!  (Starts to unbutton vest)



AMIR: Is that a...is that a watch?  (Gestures towards Jake's wrist)



JAKE: (Checks wrist) No, there's no-there's not watch-head on it so it's just like a band.  (Rotates wrist to show Amir)



AMIR: Why...all the effort?  Why're you wearing a leather band?



JAKE: (Sarcasm) Oh my god it's so hard to put a band around your wrist and snap it in.  (Demonstrate)



AMIR: I'm saying, like, goin' to the mall, that's like a lot of effort.  



JAKE: (Sarcasm) Lots of effort to take a quick bus ride over the GW bridge and you thumb it down  to an Abercromie.  What's hard about that?  And guess what, I didn't pay a friggin' dime 'cause I ganked it!  Ah ha.  (Jake gets a phone call) (Suddenly upset) Oh, one second.  (Picks up phone)  Hello?...No, there's nothing you can do.  Why could-how-you already couldn't do anything...I understand. (Puts hand over face)



AMIR: Is the cat gone?



JAKE: No, it was Urban Outfitters.  My custom J-Witz dog tags aren't gonna be ready 'till late this afternoon.



AMIR: Dog tags?



JAKE: (Pulls out a dog tag from under his shirt) Yeah, dog tags, like this one.



AMIR: So you're already wearing one?



JAKE: Yeah, well you need two!  Or was Justin Timberlake at the 2002 Kid's Choice Awards NOT styling?  



(Amir looks confused)



JAKE: (Sarcasm) Oh, yeah,  I bet he wasn't fucking Britney Spears.  (Puts on another dog tag)



AMIR: So you have two?



JAKE: YOU NEED FOUR!  Alright?  Or was Chris Kirkpatrick at the 2008 NOT styling?



THE END



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysX71Wv8GyQ

													

														INTRO -



Amir: Hey you're watching ...



Jake: Where are you going? 



Amir: I'm taking a break, I'm gonna do the rest of them later



SKETCH



(Amir and Rick Fox at a computer)



Amir: I'm betting on both teams



Rick Fox: That works. Hey, is there a deli that would deliver twelve dozen hard boiled eggs to me right now?

Amir: Twelve dozen, or like twelve eggs? 



Rick Fox: Ah, forget it. 



Amir: Well, no, I can look it up. 



Rick Fox: No, look, if you don't have it off the top of your head its not worth it to me. Just make the bet. 



Amir: Okay, sorry. 



Rick Fox: Don't be sorry, just get me the eggs



Amir: You said forget it



Rick Fox: I say allot of things, I said make the bet didn't I



(Jake walks in to the office wearing a jumper with an eagle on it) 



Jake: Woah..



Rick Fox: Are you the egg man? 



Jake: Are you Rick Fox? 



Amir: CooCoo Cachoo Jakey are you the egg-man or not? 



Jake: Sorry, what is Rick Fox doing here? 



Rick Fox: I'll tell you what Rick Fox is not doing here. He's not enjoying 144 delicious hard boiled eggs. 



Amir: Give him the eggs man



Jake: Yeah, I think I missed the whole egg thing... 



Amir: Rick Fox is my bookie, okay,  so just relax 



Rick Fox: You know what, woah, woah, I feel we've dropped the whole egg situation, and I very much still want them



Jake: Your bookie? 



Amir: Yeah, I pay him a small commission or 'Vig' and he helps place these sports bets and we win money, guaranteed!



Jake: How gauranteed? 



Amir: Because even if I win or lose, he's still getting the vig



Rick Fox: Oooooh



Amir: Ooooooh



Rick Fox: Oooooooh



Amir: Ooooooooh



Rick Fox: Oooooh



Amir: Ooooooh



Jake: Stop, how much money have you made so far?



Amir: I'm down, alright, thirteen G's



Rick Fox: Thirty G's 



Amir: Thirty G's. But either way, Rick Fox is up BIG! 



Rick Fox: You mean, up VIG!



(Jake, Amir and Rick Fox all laugh)



Rick Fox: Now give me the eggs 



Amir: Get him the eggs



Jake: What have you bet money on



Amir: Lot of stuff, man. We bet on a 2003 Laker game that Rick was sure he lost. Turns out they won. 



Rick Fox: Oops 



Amir: That lost me allot of money, that was a very nice vig for Rick.



Jake: Good work



Amir: Yeah, we also bet on the 2001 winter Olympics. 



Jake: Yeah, there wasn't an Olympics in 2001 



Rick Fox: No there wasn't, even years 



Amir: That's what we forgot. You would've saved me alot of moola, that was a big one for Rick 



Rick Fox: Yeah, you mean vig one 



(Rick Fox and Amir laugh) 



Jake: Yeah, you already made that joke



Rick Fox: Why you are not holding 144 delicious hard boiled eggs right now is beyond me!



Jake: Really, why? 



Rick Fox: Do you know how I won three NBA championships with Los Angeles Lakers? 



Jake: Eggs? 



Rick Fox: What? Eggs? What are you talking about? Hard work, defense, rebounding. Eggs? 



Amir: Idiot 



Rick Fox: Why are you talking about eggs? 



Amir: I dunno, he's like... 



Rick Fox: Are you obsessed with eggs? 



Amir: Are you obsessed, are you a chicken bro? 



Rick Fox: Is that why you have that on your shirt? 



Amir: Is that a chicken on your shirt? 



Rick Fox: It's a chicken, isn't it? 



Jake: It's an eagle on my shirt. Okay, you're obsessed with eggs, sir



Rick Fox: That's a chicken. Bet Chicken. 



Amir: I'm gonna bet chicken right now, we're do I go: chicken.com? 



Rick Fox: Yeah, give me the vig. You gotta learn how to be funny man



END SKETCH



POST SKETCH CLIP 



(Rick Fox in a separate room on the phone)

													

														INTRO



AMIR: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



JAKE: 38 takes but we got there.



AMIR: Well make it 39, bitch!







(Amir is typing rapidly on beeping computer)



AMIR: (holding beeper) Aw, sheesh! Hey, listen. Can I borrow your phone? I just got beeped.



JAKE: You have a phone.



AMIR: Upgraded it. Alright, I'm living in beepersville now. (kisses beeper) Oh! That's cherry.



JAKE: That's not an upgrade.



AMIR: Alright, ya Steve Jobs f*cker, sorry it's not a frickin' iPad Nano, just give me your phone, I gotta call someone back.



JAKE: Use your desk phone!



AMIR: I gotta call this number back 'cause it says 9-1-1 at the end of it which means emergency, okay, and if I don't get back to it soon then it's gonna beep me again anyway!



JAKE: (passing his phone) Alright, just don't cry! (simultaneously) God, here.



AMIR: (simultaneously) I just need something.



JAKE: You cry to get your way like a four-year-old, that's so pathetic. That is ridiculous.



AMIR: (on phone) Yellow? Yes, the doctor speaking. Alright, this is what you need to do, uh, I'm thinking 20 CC's of dialysis administered vaginally. Which is- yeah. No, I- uh- nurse. (chuckling) I'm sorry, I went to medical school. Alright, I get paid the big bucks to make the boo-boos go away. So, (chuckles). Talk back again and we'll make it 40 CC's. Alright, make that 60. Great. Alright, 80 CC's, keep talking. Thank you. Alright, bye, 100 CC's. (hangs up)



JAKE: Where did you get that beeper?



AMIR: I didn't get it. Ok, I ganked it. 



JAKE: That's still getting it.



AMIR: Why, where did you gank yours? Radio shack? You know I'm surprised that you can even talk to me right now with Steve Jobs' balls in your mouth.



JAKE: You're being really crass today. How did you get a beeper from a doctor's office?   



AMIR: Bachelor party last weekend. Yeah, my friend from high school, Marty's getting married so you know I came to play. (laughs) First step is a nice, little brunch with his family and I'm already a little buzzed after three Four Lokos and a shot of schnapps, some bozo jokingly dares me to bite into a glass of orange juice. (laughs) Before he even gets to the just kidding I am tooth-deep in the thing. I'm not an idiot, okay, so I think the thing's gonna crack but my eyes widen with fear when the bitch explodes in my mouth. I'm talking razor-sharp glass shards just cutting my mouth up from uvula to incisor, there was blood everywhere. Alright, next thing I know I'm in the back of Donnie's Camaro, he's the best man, and people are just begging me not to fall asleep. I'm laughing maniacally, my face is like a blood-sprinkler, the red liquid's just shooting everywhere, getting on the interior and stuff. To make matters worse I wasn't even invited to the frickin' thing. So I start passing out, you know, Nature's Promise and all.



JAKE: That's a butter company.



AMIR: I wake up in post-op four hours later and I needed 31 stitches to close me shut, nurse is livid, just crying in the corner because I've been shitting myself nonstop which sounds standard, but it's not.



JAKE: Doesn't sound standard.



AMIR: They choose this golden moment to give me a hospital bill. Uh-oh, daddy doesn't have health insurance. So I book it, alright. Cut to interior, hospital, day, later, I am barreling skull-first into a doctor, right into his chest, and he gets plowed to the floor. Medical equipment everywhere, alright. The beeper falls onto the ground and I just jump on it like a Nazi taking a grenade for his German cohorts. He looks passed out, but I'm not gonna take that risk, okay, so I shove the beeper three inches into my butt and I just take off in a dead sprint due north, remember that direction 'cause it's gonna come in handy later. I'm three towns over before I even realize nobody's chasing me and at that point I'm thanking God because my groin is torn to shreds.



JAKE: So that beeper was in your butt?



AMIR: For 14 miles. And the bitch still works. (winks)



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														[Introduction]

Amir (in a "spooky" voice): Hey, you're watching a very special Hallowe'en episode of Jake-

Jake (interrupting Amir): A couple months early, right?

Amir: A couple months late

[Jake is sitting on a couch, Amir enters and sits next to him holding a few sheets of paper]

Amir: Hey, can you help me out with my bucket list? You know, flesh it out, make it a little longer

Jake: I mean it's already really long. If anything it should be shorter.

Amir: Yeah, I know. Let me ask you a question. Do you believe in me? 'Cause I just got off of the phone with my dad and he was Just berating me. Half an hour straight. Screaming. I didn't' even get a word in.

Jake: Okay, first issue. Uh, there are a lot of duplicates here, like the first nine say "Find treasure".

Amir: Really? Because duplicate means two, and you said the first nine are find treasure. So which one is it?

Jake: Either way, let's just get rid of all the items that repeat.

Amir: Either way, I'm just gonna look up the definition of duplicate and call you out on it. I'm sorry. That is too rich.

Jake: Whoa! Mean text from your dad.

Amir: Ignore.

[Jump cut]

Jake: You read #124 and tell me if it's something you really want to do.

Amir: Eat a cockmeat sandwich panini-style. Extra cockmeat on rosemary focaccia, side of chips and a free soda. It better be free, I'm eating cockmeat after all. No, I guess not. Just white it out.

Jake: I'm saying why'd you write cockmeat in the fir-

Amir (interrupting Jake): Liquid paper!

Jake: I'm saying why'd you wri-

[Jump cut]

Amir (on his phone): He had three kids; two of them are doctors and one's a royal pain in the ass, so that's not my fault. It's called not knowing how to raise yo' kids.

[Jump cut]

Jake (Amir now asleep on his shoulder): Here's one that's not on here that maybe should be. Do volunteer work.

Amir: Yeah, I already have that. Okay? Check 419.

Jake: No, 419 is what made me think of it because you wrote: "You don't owe the world a f***ing dime." That's not even a thing you can do, alright? That's just a mean idea to have.

Amir: Okay, it's called I was carsick.

Jake (shaking his head): What?

[Jump cut]

Amir (showing Jake his phone): Here we go, definition. Okay. Duplicate: a copy or replica of - okay, never mind. This is a hack website.

Jake: dictionary.com?

Amir: theonion.com?!

[Jump cut]

Jake: A lot of these are really conflicting.

Amir: What do you mean?

Jake: Okay, 91: Write a novel.

Amir: Okay.

Jake: #92: Set fire to a small, independently owned bookstore. Don't look back.

Amir: Okay.

Jake: #93: Don't ever look back.

Amir: Right.

Jake: 94: Give one glance, to make sure it's really happening. This is your moment. #95: Soak it in, you've earned one glance. #96: F*** it! Turn around fully and behold. You've earned this. Months of planning. It's all happening. Feel the warmth. 97: Tweet the picture, you've earned one tweet. Tweet a picture of you next to the fire holding up a shocker. Defiant and proud. This is your moment.

Amir: Right, ninety-s-ninety-eight tho-

Jake: Write another novel.

Amir: Exactly.

[Jump cut]

Jake: This one's kinda nice. Climb to the top of the Eiffel Tower.

Amir: Yeah, well read the next one.

Jake: Start punching French women until their mustaches fall off.

Amir: Yeah. And you can delete it, because I've already done it.

[Jump cut]

Jake: Put a cherry bomb in a mailbox?

Amir: Ever heard of "because I was carsick"?

Jake: Yeah, you said it like a minute ago and it didn't make sense. Maybe that's like an excuse that worked once before and you keep using it?

Amir: Just pull over man.

Jake: Gotcha...

[Jump cut]

Jake: Your last page is just an index.

Amir: Exactly, it sort of categorizes all the items. You know, makes them easier to find.

Jake: Okay, but you filed them all under-

Jake and Amir: Miscellaneous!

Amir: Which means-

Jake: Ss- I'm talking. You filed them all under miscellaneous except for #99, which you filed under odds and ends.

Amir: So, okay. So what's 99? (looks at page) So 91, 92...

Jake: It's down here at the bottom, just chill out. I got it, okay? You- you said 99: Perfect! Why did you look back? Everything was going perfect. The bookstore was en fuego-

Amir (interrupting Jake): On fire, in spanish.

Jake: I know. Stop touching it, alright?

Amir (mumbling): I know.

Jake: You were golden and you looked back. You made this about you. You're weak.

Amir: So...

Jake: And this is what I can only imagine is a crude drawing of a-

Amir (interrupting Jake): Cockmeat sandwich.

Jake: Cockmeat sandwich.

Amir: Yeah.

Jake: Stop touching it.

Amir: Okay. I'm not gonna touch it.

Jake: You drew a cockmeat sandwich.

Amir: You sound like my dad, man.

[After Collegehumor logo, Amir is on the couch talking to his dad on the phone]

Amir: Yeah, I- I'm not saying- I said yes as in I agree with you, that's it. (starting to cry) Yeah. Repeat it ba- I'm a piece- Let me repeat it back! You say repeat it back and then you keep on yelling. Now you're gonna- you're gonna feels bad 'cause I'm gonna cry. Yeah, here we go. Okay. Repeat after me: I'm a- I'm a piece of garbage.													

														INTRO Amir- Jake and Amir's Get Together project!



Amir bangs table.



Amir: So we're heading out or what?



Jake: Naw man I'm working.



Amir: Naw man I'm working that was you. It's 4:30 pm so.



Jake: So, an hour and a half before works over.



Amir: Do you have any idea, that tigers are almost extinct?



Jake: That has no bearing.



Amir: This whole work-life balance thing Jake, you got it way out of control. Okay, you got to make time to start connecting with people man. C'mon!



Jake: I'm working.



Amir: Yeah, well, not anymore!



Jake: Nope, still am.



Random Guy: My thesis, no!



Amir: We really should get out of here.



Random Guy: My life's work!



Amir: ASAP.



Jake: Why don't you just go, I'll meet up with you later.



Amir: Deal.



Fire alarm rings. Amir's voice is heard on the intercom.



Amir: People of Earth, your time of work is over. Please vacate the bulding, at once.



Amir pops up next to Jake.



Amir: Do you smell smoke, I smell smoke.



Jake: I'm going to get a glass of water.



Amir: Okay, just watch out for the flames. I'd miss you too much.



Jake walks away. 



5 minutes later



Amir poses on Jake's desk next to his computer that has been locked up with his keyboard tied also in the lock.



Jake: Okay, unlock that right now.



Amir: Yeah, well I already swallowed the key, so good luck! You'll have to literally cut me up and rummage inside of me. Are you man enough?



Amir gestures to Jake with the key.



Jake: You're holding the key.



Amir: Am I? Well you have to pry it out of my cold-



Jake takes the key from Amir's hand.



Amir: Very well.



Jake: What're you trying to do.



Amir looks to the camera.



Amir: Does anybody else have a better way of stopping their friends from working too much? Please, tell me about it!



Jake: Who're you talking to?



Amir:... Huh?



OUTRO Amir- Get together more and work late less.



Jake: Join our Get Together project at Facebook.com/Bacardi



Jake: Hello, Jake speaking.



Amir speaking in a deep voice.



Amir: Sir, I'm from the space government and you need to stop working at once or the entire solar system will implode.



Jake: You know what, fine Amir, I'll go.



Amir: Awesome (Laughs) except- (clears throat and deepens voice) except, who is this Amir you speak of?



Jake: You know what, I'm going to stay at work.



Amir: Nonononono, it's me, it's me.



THE END



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVgcaTT17j8

													

														INTRO Amir - Jake and Amirs Get Together Project



JAKE: Hey Im Jake and this is Amir.



AMIR: And Im Amir and



JAKE: I already introduced you.



AMIR: Why?



JAKE: We have some bad news.



AMIR: No!



JAKE: I havent even said what it is yet.



AMIR: No, I just realised that I left my microwave running. Aw, I set it for four hours and I just peaced out



JAKE: Anyway, in general people are getting together less. 



Amir is texting. 



JAKE: They have less time for each other, they talk less, they get easily distracted by  see, this is what Im talking about.



AMIR: Im sorry, I have to text my neighbour now to have her turn off my microwave and she lives eight hours away so its not that simple.



JAKE: If she lives eight hours away then shes not your neighbour.



AMIR: My neighbour from when I was growing up. She lives two states over, ok? Why do you have to call me out on everything?



JAKE: Anyway, weve been sent on a mission by these guys to help bring people together



AMIR: Yeah, to create awesome get-togethers all across the nation, right everybody?



The office cheers half-heartedly.



JAKE: What did you expect people to do?



AMIR: Clap whoop cheer



JAKE: Well, it is exciting. All across the country were going to be helping you, all of you, get together. Parks, bars, in the streets



AMIR: Hot tubs.



JAKE: Not hot tubs, ok. Stop suggesting hot tubs. So that is our mission from Bacardi to help America get together which is why we bring you Jake and Amirs get together project.



AMIR: Drink up.



JAKE: What is in this?



AMIR: Pennies, so its got the same noise and consistency as ice without any of that coldness stuff that you hate, so enjoy. Why arent you drinking it? Is it because of the pennies?



JAKE: Yes its specifically because of the pennies.



AMIR: Because I can assure you, you wont even taste it.



OUTRO Amir - People: lets get closer. Join our get together project at facebook.com/Bacardi



Jake - Like us on facebook



Amir - Or not, you know. Whatever. Its up to you. 



Jake - Dont be so blas about it



Amir  Its not, its called reverse psychology man, ok? We act like we 

dont want it and then they do it.



Episode Link

													

														INTRO Amir - Jake and Amir's Get Together Project.  







JAKE: What's happening? 



AMIR: What's hap--What isn't happening, man? Look at this. This is not good. People are not getting together enough, all right? We all need to reconnect!



JAKE: No, like why did you have that map made?



AMIR: OK, right, just focus. So--



JAKE: I specifically told you not to have anybody make a map. I said it would be too expensive.



AMIR: You think this is too expensive? What do you think about those twelve bean bags, huh, man? You think those were cheap?



JAKE: And those fourteen water coolers I passed in the kitchen?



AMIR: Eighteen.



JAKE: Those were also yours?



AMIR: Yeah, it's to encourage discourse, communication, right? Let's say I go to your desk area, right, and I want to borrow a fricking stapler or whatever.



JAKE: Stop saying fricking. 



AMIR: Anyway, I go to your desk area and suddenly we're having a water cooler moment, right? So check this out. Hey, what's up dude? Whoa, I love your shirt.



JAKE: Thank you. 



AMIR: It is amazing. 



JAKE: That's enough.



AMIR: It's incredibly soft, but not in a too soft way where it's like effeminate, but it's just super, super nice.



JAKE: Yeah, that's good.



AMIR: See? We had a moment. Me, you, your awesome shirt.



JAKE: OK, enough about the shirt! But I do like what you're doing here.  



AMIR: You do? 



JAKE: Yeah, you're making an effort, right? That's what it's all about. 



AMIR: Exactly! OK, you're going to love this next idea. Every hour, at like eighty past--



JAKE: Not a time. 



AMIR: Well, hear me out, a soothsayer is going to appear right over there--



JAKE: Wow. A soothsayer, right over there?



AMIR: Yes, so he's just going to come up clouded in smoke and we're all just going to emerge next to him, chanting, being all sort of- our psyches mingling.



JAKE: That's going to happen every hour?



AMIR: Yeah. At eighty past the hour, of course.



JAKE: That sounds like that might be a little too much. 



AMIR: Are you sure? I mean, I already booked him, he's pretty cool.   



JAKE: Yeah, I think we're good. 



AMIR: He's going to hate this. 



(cuts to Amir and Jake on the bean bags surrounded by others)



AMIR: See? Pretty good, right? 



JAKE: Not too bad man, not at all. You know what? I'm going to tell you where I bought this shirt. 



AMIR: Wow. I am... honestly so happy I could cry.



JAKE: OK, don't do that. 



AMIR: Oh! By the way, you owe me like thirty-six hundred for the soothsayer. (chuckles)

 He insisted on money down right away and that's on you, man. 







OUTRO Amir - People, let's get closer!



Jake - Join our get together project at facebook.com/bacardi.



Amir - Please, please, please like us on Facebook.



Jake - OK, let's do one where he doesn't sound so desperate. 



Amir - I'm not desperate, I'm just begging, please. 



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWRvgIHIm1Y

													

														INTRO:



(The Jake  Amir's Get Together Project Animation plays)



AMIR: Jake and Amir's Get Together Project!







[Amir sits down at his desk across from Jake.)



AMIR: Eughh. Elevators, man, right? (laughs)



JAKE: I told you not to talk to me for the rest of the day.



AMIR: I was just in an elevator, ok, and nobody was looking at anyone. It was really uncomfortable!



JAKE: Do you still do that thing where you enter the elevator backwards?--



AMIR: Yeah! You know, so I'm facing the RIGHT way in case of emergency; it's just a safety precaution.



JAKE: Alright well people don't wanna look at each other in elevators; it's sort of uncomfortable.



AMIR: So I try to break the silence; you know, add a little warmth and comradery to this otherwise awkward elevator ride. You n- wanna know what I said?



JAKE: Something about the weather?



AMIR: No, that's boring. Ok I wanted to do something that they would REMEMBER me by. So I asked them, straight up, if you had to choose, which one would you rather have: eight legs, or two really long, eight-foot arms.



JAKE: (gesturing out noodley arms) Like, telescopic, noodley arms?



AMIR: Yeah, just like giant noodles for arms.



JAKE: Giant noodle arms.



AMIR: Yeah.



JAKE: Or what was the other one? Eight legs?



AMIR: Eight legs like a spider.



JAKE: Wow. Yeah.. that's stupid.



AMIR: Exactly, right? Difficult question; I don't even know which one--



JAKE: I said stupid.



AMIR: Yeah, well it is very difficult. Which one would you rather have?



JAKE: Look, I said it was a stupid question, not in intelligent question; you're taking what I'm saying and turning it around--



AMIR: Eight legs. Hm. I knew you'd take their side.



JAKE: (sighs.) How was the reaction?



AMIR: Muted. Mm-hmm. Lotta noise; lotta noise.



JAKE: Do you know what muted means?



AMIR: Yes. Well, now I do.



(Jake smiles gestures with his hand as if saying what are you talking about?)



AMIR: What is with elevators, ok why is it so uncomfortable in there? Why is nobody allowed to talk to anybody? (in a stand up comedy cadence) What is it, like a library in there? I'm gonna check out a book, in an elevator?



JAKE: You trying to do a stand up act, or something?



AMIR: (to the camera) HOW can we break the ice.. in elevators, ok? We wanna know! ...So submit your answers right here! (pointing down)







OUTRO:



(The Jake  Amir's Get Together Project Animation plays)



AMIR: People! Let's get closer!



JAKE: Join our Get Together Project at Facebook.com/BACARDI



AMIR: So why'd you choose legs, man? I was like positive you were an arm guy.



JAKE: AhhI dunno.



AMIR: Think about it, ok? I don't wanna just talk to hear the sound of my own voice, I want you to put something back--



JAKE: That's what you usually do anyway.



AMIR: How dare you accuse me of talking on and on and on, with no seeming reason or rhyme to where I'm going, or how--



JAKE: You see what you're doing now?



END.

													

														INTRO



A: [bleep] mother [bleep] Jake and Amir.



J: Try one without cursing.



A: [bleep] NO.







[Jake opens a can of Coca-Cola, with Amir peering over his computer watching him do it]



A: Whoa. Awwwww...



[one cut to Jake taking a sip]



A: You gotta give me a sip of that.



[another cut to Jake ignoring him]



A: You gotta give me some of that so-da.



[cut to Jake still ignoring him]



A: Gimme a sip of that so-da.



[another cut of Jake ignoring him]



A: [imitating Yoda] SODA SAYS GIMME A SIP, YOU WILL.



[Jake is STILL ignoring him]



A: C'mon, man, you gotta gimme a sip of that soda; I don't wanna ask twice.



J: You just asked me like 5 different ways, one of which was a TERRIBLE Yoda impression.



A: Yeah, not so TERRIBLE that you didn't recognize it was Yoda.



J: [shaking his head] That's not an accomplishment - DON'T write it in that book!



[cut to Amir holding a pen and book close to his face, looking slightly afraid]



J: [gesturing] Let me see your entry for today.



[Amir throws the book, Jake fumbles to catch it and fails]



A: Nice catch, Jay Buhner!



J: Nice throw.



A: What are you, a major-league right baseball player - 



J: [interrupting] Jake complimented my Yoda impression and then gave me a sip of his soda.



[Jake looks up at Amir, who shrugs]



J: You know you have the date wrong, right?



A: Yeah, but not so wrong that you didn't recognize -



J: [interrupting] June 43rd, 1.



[Jake glares at Amir, who makes a silly face and shrugs]



J: [closes book] Why do you even keep a diary?



A: [angry] IT'S NOT A DIARY. It's a journal. Now, gimme my diary back, please. 



[Jake hands it over, Amir snatches it]



A: Now gimme a sip! I gave you a diary, you give me a - 



J: [interrupting, angry] There's free sodas, okay? There are free sodas, in the kitchen, 20 feet away.



A: What do you want me to do, man? You want me to just...move?



J: Move there? Walk there.



A: [starts speaking after Jake says 'move there'] Yeah, you want me to just tele - heliport.



J: Heliport's not a thing.



A: It's a thing. You go -



J: [interrupting] Teleport is the word you were looking for.



A: [puts both hands in the air] Gimme a sip, man.



J: [irritated] I'm busy, okay? Doing ACTUAL WORK. So can you stop bothering me?



[Jake puts on headphones and starts singing Firework by Katy Perry and dancing. While he's distracted, Amir gets a long straw and puts it into Jake's can of soda and starts drinking it, but knocks it over onto Jake's lap]



J: [takes off headphones] Come on! What are you doing? What is that, a straw?



A: What are you, impressed?



J: NO. Don't write that down. 



[cut to Amir with the pen and book close to his face again, looking slightly afraid]







END

													

														Amir: Interior, Office, Day. The year is 2011.



Jake: Outta time.



Amir: Okay



Amir: (in a weird voice) Hey.



Jake: I don't like it.



Amir: I haven't even told you what it is yet!



Jake: Is it the voice?



Amir: Barely, it's just a subtle change. I'm surprised you even realised it.



Jake: It's not.



Amir: Subtle but much better.



Jake: It's neither. God, you look really weird when you talk like that, too. 



Amir: What are you trying--, this is my--, this is how I talk. This is natural for me, okay? I've been trying to talk like a high-pitched fool for the last four years.



Jake: That's not natural. (In voice:) You make this face, how is this is a natural thing?



Pat: Whoa, Jake, cool voice!



Jake: Thanks.



Amir: No!



Jake: Yeah! Yes. A million times yes, okay? This is mine now.



Amir: I'm begging you not to do this.



Jake: Beg all you want, ok? You don't get a voice this chill and just give it up.



Amir: This has gone from being the best day of my life to the second-worst, easily.



Jake: Don't be a baby, dude. You're acting like I'm telling you to stop doing the voice. We can both do it.



Amir: Then people are gonna think I stole it from you!



Jake: Let them think what they want!



Amir: No! You're not-- are you really not even gonna clarify that--



Jake: I'm not gonna get down there like a fucking dog--



Amir: --not a dog!--



Jake: Yes, like a dog!



Amir: Not a dog!



Jake: Not gonna get down in the ground like a goddamn puppy to clarify for people, alright? Let them think that you stole it. It's honestly better for me.



Amir: Yeah, I--. I've never s--. You're being so mean right now. If you're gonna steal it and not clarify that you stole it from me when people accuse you of stealing it, at least admit that you're being mean right now.



Jake: Listen man, I know. I'll be the first to admit it's a dick move.



Amir: Yeah, I was the first to admit it.



Jake: No, it's a dick move. I'm well aware of that. 



Amir: I--. Yeah, well.



Jake: I'm sorry, I'm sorry, But what would you do in my position, if you had a voice this chill?



Amir: I would keep the voice



Jake: Obviously.



Amir: But I would clarify that if people thought that you stole it--



Jake: No. No. You're saying that because that's what you want. Not 'cause that's what you'd do in my position. Ok? You gotta learn how to empathize man.



Amir: (crying)



Jake: Don't, don't. Come on, that's not even crying.



Amir: What are you--



Jake: What? Yeah, I can lose the voice and then pick it back up. Doesn't mean shit.



Amir: You're not even doing it right.



Jake: Oh, I'm doing it right because this is my voice and you stole it from me. Ok? My voice rules, your voice drools, how's that for fair?



Pat: Jake, I was being sarcastic. It's not a cool voice.



Jake: Uhm, no slit bitch. I know, I like my regular voice just fine, thank you.



Amir: So, I can keep--



Jake: I reserve the right to take it back, okay? Pending a second opinion. No offense, Pat, but you're a little bit of bitch, too.

													

														Intro:

Jake: You're watching Jake and Amir!



Amir: That's what she said!



Jake: Not how that joke works.



Amir: EHH!



~~~~



Amir: So, the beeper is just sliding down my thigh, and I'm still facing, remember that direction, due north? Guess what? I was lying. It was due south. How's that for a mind fudge? So, I s...



Jake: Hey, hey. I just got this e-mail that you sent to the entire company and, um, nobody's going to believe you're doing a triathlon for charity.



Amir: Ooh, this kitten's got claws. He he.



Jake: Right, so they're not going to donate any money to you.



Amir: Rerh! (kitten screech) He he. Rerh. He he. ...Why not?



Jake: For starters, you began the e-mail by saying Dear Suckers.



Amir: Yea, as in deer suckers. Like little possums.



Jake: So, that makes even less sense than I originally thought. Secondly, triathlons are running, swimming and biking, not drinking, fucking and stealing ya'lls cash.



Amir: Cash money, ain't nothin funny.



Jake: That's not a response to what I just said.



Amir: Fo'sho!



Jake: Look, even if they get past the beginning of this e-mail, the next part is a picture of you in a jewelry store, holding a diamond watch, with the caption: I want dis.



Amir: You don't understand, man. I want dis.



Jake: That's the only thing I understand.



Amir: Ok! If you don't want to make the donation just put in like $150 and then click send. And when goes Are you sure you want to make the donation? click on No. If it's that hard, i'll do...i'll click on it.



Jake: I just got a follow-up e-mail: It's come to my attention that you guys think this is a bogus goof. I legit want/need dis watch. Blew your cover there. Then, three follow up e-mails that say: Please disregard, please disregard, please disregard. One more, though. Just one sentence long and it says: Come on, douches. Help out the cause. And it's a photo shopped picture of you shitting on Bill Cosby.



Amir: That was a Jello pudding snack.



Jake: That was a Jello pudding snack, ok. It's kinda weird, though, that you have a legit picture of you taking a shit.



Amir: Yea, the Cos loves his Jello pudding sweaters.



Jake: Final e-mail: Please recall all e-mails. Somebody's being a bitch. And it's a photo shopped picture of Bill Cosby shitting on me, which is extra weird because you somehow got a photo of Bill Cosby taking a shit?



Amir: The Cos has to poop, eventually, sir. And it's just about finding the right f...



Jake: How are you so fast at photo shop?



Amir: It's all about doing it real crudely and quickly.



Jake: Not very crudely. They're fine lines.



Amir: Yea, the trick is to make it look like it's very good, but it's actually not that good.



Jake: You gotta stop it with that impression.



Amir: Yea, well at least I don't spit when I talk!



Jake: Do I do that?



Amir: No! And for that I am thankful. Namaste.



Jake: One last thing, alright? One final thing. Your shirt is up around your nipples. Pull it all the way down when you put it on. Alright?



(Amir attempts to pull his shirt down)



Jake: You get it over your head. Your arms are through the holes. That's good. Put it all the way down.



(Amir's shirt is still not pulled down all the way)



Jake: It's not..it's still...it's half-way!



link to episode: http://www.collegehumor.com/video/6428395/jake-and-amir-triathlon

													

														[Introduction] 



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. 



Amir: No, I'm recording intros. 



Jake: Leave, man. 



[Jake and Amir at their desks]



Amir (listening to his headphones): laughing Right in the kisser. 



Jake: Hey, um...



Amir (Talking to his headphones): Hold on one second... What?



Jake: a lot of people have been complaining to me. 



Amir: And you believe them?! 



Jake: I haven't said what it is yet. 



Amir: Okay, I set up a spy cam in the women's restroom. Sue me. 



Jake: Wow. They might. 



Amir: Okay, then I'll countersue. How's that? Two sues for the price of one. 



Jake: It's about your stench. 



Amir: Or lack thereof. laugh



Jake: No, not a lack thereof, exactly what I said. Okay? You reek of shit. 



Amir: Jealous much? 



Jake: I'm not jealous. Look, this isn't going away, alright? You smell like you're dead. 



Amir: I'll apologize, but I'm not gonna shower. 



Jake: That's not good enough, then. We all want the exact opposite. 



Amir: I said I was sorry! 



Jake: First of all you didn't, second of all we don't want your apology, we want you to take a shower. 



Amir: Okay, this is catching me way off guard. 



Jake: Is it really? Because last week a bunch of people chased you with a hose and soap. 



Amir: I thought that was a goof! 



Jake: Why would that be a goof? You whispered something to Sarah and she got an ear infection. 



Amir: Alright, you think I give a flaming fart what people say, man? 



(Amir pulls his legs up and grabs a lighter)



Jake: I know you don't. Don't do that. 



(Amir lights a flame, starts to fart, and leak shit through his khakis as he moans)



Amir: Oh, no! Oh, anyhoot! 



Jake: No! No! Not anyhoot, okay? You have to go change your pants now. 



Amir: Why, 'cause I farted? Wow. It was a toot. An SBD, so NBD, on NBC (to the NBC chime) laughs 



Jake: You leaked shit into your khakis. 



Amir: Yeah, ever heard of I'll clean it after work? So shut up. 



Jake: No. I haven't ever heard of (starts yelling) sharting your pants, with wet diarrhea, and then waiting a full five hours to clean it up, okay? That is the first time I've ever heard of that. 



Amir: Losers wipe, okay? Winners go home and f*** the prom queen. 



Jake: You're not gonna f*** anybody. It looks like you sat on a water balloon filled with chili. 



Amir: Okay, you think I give a flaming fart- 



(Amir kicks up his legs again) 



Jake: Oh my god, it smells like gasoline and fish. 

													

														Jake and Amir Oscar Pool



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and-



Amir: Cut!



Jake: What?



Amir: I cut myself so I'm yelling it!



Jake: Oh



Amir: Filling out your Oscar pool huh? Well my picks are so hot, it's Jacuzzi.



Jake: I heard you rehearsing that line for a full five minutes outside the door.



Amir: No. Hey, here's a crazy, sexy, fun idea! Let's rob the organiser of this pool huh? Just gank that envelope filled with the cash by-ins and sprint due-north right to New Jersey-



Jake: I'm the organiser.



Amir: In german accent I'm ze organizer. What are you, friggin Arnold Schwarzenegger? *attacks Jake *



Jake: Hey!



Amir: Oh, Pat said you do a good 'the fighter' impression.



Jake: In accent I'm the one fighting here, not you, not you and not you. 



Amir: Okay, Pat was wrong. 



Jake: Well, that was it.



Amir: Well, it blew. Colin Firth, more like Colin lasht, I think he's the firsht pershon with a shpeech impediment to win the Oshcar.



Jake: You're saying so many dumb things at once, it's crazy. 



Amir: My picks are so hot, it's Jacuzzi.



Jake: You know you said that already.



Amir: Not the exact same way okay, so I took a risk, I said it again. Big whoop.



Jake: You actually did say it the exact same way.



Amir: What would you know about risk man? You've been oohing and aahing about Sarah over the past three years but you don't have the huevos rancheros  to ask her out do ya? You don't have the balls!



Jake: In accent I want Dickie and I want you Charlie.



Amir: It's fine, okay, I said it was fine.



Jake: You didn't say it was fine, you said it was shitty so I did it again.



Amir: My picks are so hot, it's Jacuzzi. 



Jake: Hey, man alright it's funny just please don't say it anymore. Fine you do it, you're so good, you do it.



Amir: In accent I'm the one fighting here, not you, not you and not you. 



Jake: Hah! Bull Spit, that was terrible. Take the hand... In accent I'm the one fighting here, not you, not you and not you-



Amir: I was doing it with the hand motion if you think it's-



Jake: Alright, fine. How about this for a fighter impression, I punch you in the head!



Amir: Hey here's an idea, let's share our answers and then we can split the winnings.



Jake: That's not something you should want to happen. 



Amir: Then we can get something together like a booze cruise.



Jake: Okay, why don't you just go on a booze cruise by yourself.



Amir: Because it's a frickin' cock meat convention, it's just dudes. Hey can you do me a favour and read this e-mail from my dad and tell me if there's one thing that you can think of that he doesn't call me out on.



Jake: Wow, long e-mail. Can you hold your phone steady?



Amir: I'm trying to!



Jake: You're scrolling too fast. Alright, this is a small thing to bring up I know but I've never seen your phone with more than 8% battery. 



Amir: Yeah, usually I only charge it for like 10 minutes a day.



Jake: That's not enough.



Amir: Well, what I need is like a power grid. You just put the phone on there over night and forget it.



Jake: How do you think normal chargers work? 



Amir: Will you take me to a sky mall if I pay you?



Jake: Done! You?



Amir: Almost! You?



Jake: You're not almost done, you haven't circled one thing but you know what it doesn't matter cause I'm gonna win, not you, not you and not you.



Amir: Give it up!



Jake: Alright, fuck you man! Have you seen the movie? Have you even seen it?! Because I was at my cousin's bachelorette party right and I was doing the impression non-stop pretty much and everybody there was drunk yeah but they told me it was deec. 



Jake: I need Dickie and I need you Okeef.



Pat: Yeah, it's pretty good.



Jake: Fuck pretty good man! Last week you told me it was great!



Pat: Yeah it's great I'm sorry.



Jake: You should have said that the first time man.



Amir: It does seem less genuine now that you said it after he yelled at you. 

													

														INTRO



AMIR:  Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



JAKE: Cool, good job.



AMIR: I know it kills you to see me doing so well.







AMIR: Oh, by the dubs, who won the Oscar pool?



JAKE: You mean the one that I organized, that I set up? (in a weird voice) Uh-oh, spaghetti sauce. (normal voice) I did.



AMIR: Hehehe, why uh-oh?



JAKE: Oh, cuz everybody's gonna be all like oh wait, you collected all the money. Um. What's that about?, you know?  Haters gonna hate, players gonna play.



AMIR: Hehe...you just, you said you were gonna send out an email with how everyone did, and you never did. So..



JAKE: (singing) Go on, take the money and run. 



AMIR: Hahahahaha.



JAKE: (singing) Go on, take the money -  (talking) I forgot to send out the email. I did. But trust me, there's no trickery afoot. (in a weird voice, and with hand gestures like a president) I did not make sexual steals with that Oscars. That's a campaign promise.



AMIR: I never said you stole or cheated or any-



JAKE: Good, cuz I didn't. And i have the text to prove it.



AMIR: Okay.  Not that you cheated, what text though?



JAKE: My sister texted me congratulations AFTER she found out that I won the Oscar pool.  That's how you know my picks were locked in. Otherwise, why would she be proud of me?



AMIR: What??



JAKE: What? A but? In your butt? Oh my goodness. Ah. Ah. Ah.



AMIR: Hahaha. Let me see the text.



JAKE: Here's a question, I won enough money last night to legit hire a hit man to kill you.  Is that scary?



AMIR: I guess so, I mean, is that even true? You won like 200 dollars.



JAKE: Yeah, but I won second place too.



AMIR: How- You said everyone could only submit one, right?



JAKE: Yeah, and you said you weren't gonna be a little bitch today. But looks like everyone's breaking their promises left and right.  Okay, you owe me another 20 bucks, by the way.



AMIR: Why?



JAKE: Losing fee!



AMIR: I already paid you 20 dollars to enter.



JAKE: Yeah, to enter!  That's the entrance fee! You owe me a losing fee!



(Amir starts to cry)



JAKE: Don't cry. You're gonna owe me a 50 dollar bitch fee if you cry.



AMIR: (through tears) I can't afford the bitch fee.



JAKE: You be - ohmygod, you're being such a bitch.



STREETER: Ooh, guys, what's uh, what's going on?



JAKE: Amir's crying cuz I futt-bucked [sic] him at the Oscar pool.



AMIR: No.



STREETER: Oh yeah! The Oscar pool!  You never sent that email, man. How'd I do?



JAKE: On a scale of one to third?  



STREETER: Yeah.



JAKE: You didn't. Okay? Sorry.



STREETER: Oh. okay. Well, how'd you do, then?



JAKE: Oh, I uh...uh...uh...uh...CAME, in first, second AND turd. As in, you guys need to learn how to be funny.



AMIR: Ok, I'm trying!



STREETER: K, I want my money back, Jake.



JAKE: Ok, sorry bro, I actually already spent it on these boots.



AMIR: Those are actually pretty tight.



JAKE: (bowing) Namaste.



STREETER: Okay, you bought those boots ten days ago, man.  The day AFTER you collected my money for the Oscar picks.



JAKE: (singing and bouncing up and down) These boots are made for f**king.  (Amir starts bouncing up and down in a similar manner) That's just what they'll do.  One of these days these boots are gonna skeet [sic] all over you, oh!



STREETER: Nobody likes you guys.



JAKE AND AMIR: We know!



EPISODE LINK

													

														Intro



Amir: You know I'll give you $50 to do these without me.



Jake: Fine



Amir: Nonononono







Hoodie: Alright Amir the first rule of free styling, you just gotta relax.. be chill. 

              Go back to the way you were, you're gonna have to teach me how to do that one day cos i'm pretty impressed.

              But let's just get into the rap scene.



Hoodie: Everytime I spit I just knock it out the ballpark king of all the animals from antelope to aardvark, pardon all the smalltalk everyti-



Amir: I'm an aardvark too bitch eating lots of ants wearing my aardvark shirt (no idea what amir says here) my aardvark pants, skeeting on your face make your nose all numb, there ain't nothin colder than aardvark cum.



Hoodie: Woooooo!



Amir: So...



Hoodie: Woah.



Amir: I know right.



Hoodie: You're dropping facts man, let's switch up the topic okay?



Amir: Ok, oh oh! I'm an astronaut bitch eating aardvark stew and eating aardvark meat with aardvark you and if an aardvark you you'd freeze your ass, aardvark jizz is frigid gas.



Hoodie: Ok new animal, alright?



Amir: Ok.



Hoodie: Tiger.



Amir: Fuck tigers, I'm an aardvark yo when an aardvark cums it tastes like snow-



Hoodie: Aardvark cums the coldest that you know. Kinda like it's been chilled 30 below. (Just noticed hoodie isn't rapping that last part, his lips aren't moving.)



Jake: Hey, yo, yo homies! Can you keep it down? For a second?



Hoodie: Jeez sorry.



Jake: It's fine, look I don't mind you guys been loud but you're being really crass.



Amir: I'm spitting the truth.



Jake: You're not actually you're talking about aardvark semen being really cold.



Hoodie: Coldest!



Jake: Why do you believe him?



Amir: Because it rhymes.



Jake: Look hoodie you're a pretty good rapper but neither of you guys are smart.



Amir:[Laughs]Rap battle, me vs you then.



Jake: No.



Amir: Why not?



Jake: Because it's not a battle, if I destroy you! Hoodie, a beat.



[Hoodie beat boxes]



Jake: Yooooooo, hahahaha! Pleased to meet you bitch it's about to get real!



Streeter: Shut up man, shut up.



Jake: Yo fuck you dude, what you talking bout wallis?



Amir: Wallis?



Jake: Yeah, you know like the show? What you talking bout wilms?



Amir: Wilms?



Jake: Willy, whatever they say in the fucking show dude.



Amir: Willis.



Jake: Willis nice you know it, that makes you cool.. not!



Amir: Alright forget it you win the rap battle.



Jake: No I don't wanna win it like that, that's gonna make me feel worse okay please don't do that, don't pity me. Give me another beat.



[Hoodie beat boxes]



Jake: We're going down down baby, low street(?) in a range rover street sweeper aardvark cock ready to-



Amir: That's a song already.



Jake: Yeah it's Nelly, and if I can sing the Nelly song then I'm as good of a rapper as he is.



Amir: That's not how it works, and you weren't even saying the words right.



Hoodie: Most of your words were out.



Amir: Different..



Hoodie: Yeah..



Jake: I'm feeling real sick actually honestly that's probably why I was offbeat. I have a headache because you guys were rapping I hope you feel bad, I'm gonna go home, how much do you charge for lap lessons?



Amir: Laplessons? Hoodie: What?



Jake: Rap lessons!



Amir: You said lap lessons.



Jake: Oh I misspoke, hey you come into the office any other day of the week and he's the weird one!

													

														Intro



A: Yo, this is my love song, and it goes like -



J: [interrupting] No more rap intros.



A: Fine...







[Jake is working at his desk, while Amir squints and stares at him]



A: Hey, thanks ASIAN for the invite last night! [put hands together and bows]



J: That's really offensive.



A: I just really needed to get out of the house, so I appreciate it.



J: Okay, well I'm still pretty pissed at you about last night.



A: [confused] ...Is this like an inside joke based on something that happened, because I'm sorry, I was a little bit gone.



J: You were ENTIRELY gone, okay? You showed up three hours late and you were begging to the point of tears to change the locashe.



A: Yeah, I say a LOT of funny things. 



J: It wasn't funny. You openly wept for a venue change for my friend's birthday party at her apartment to a quote college dive around the corner from this shithole.



A: I thought the party needed a new energy, okay?! [starts waving his hands and dancing] Sometimes nights are about what kind of energy you're able to infuse -



J: [interrupting] Right, no, no, no, I get that, but the party had a fine energy, right? They were lighting the birthday candles and then you blew them all out and you said Happy birthday to pee! and then you whipped out your penis and tried to urinate on the cake - but couldn't -



A: [interrupting, irritated/defensive] I had just drained the main vein...like 25 seconds earlier.



J: Okay, I'm not upset that you couldn't pee, I'm upset that you tried. Then you ran outside and a few of us followed you because you yelled I'm gonna go outside and legit hurt myself to teach you all a fucking lesson.



A: A lot of the girls last night were slumpbusters, can we talk about THAT for a second?



J: Not right now, okay? Once we were outside you asked my friend if she dared you to headbutt the windshield of a car until it broke. When she said no, you took off in a dead sprint and said You owe me five bucks, you sasquatch! and then you lowered your head and ran full speed into the bumper of a truck.



[one cut during Jake's speech of Amir bobbing his head]



A: That reminds me; that slumpbusting sasquatch owes me a five-spot. An Abe Lincolner.



J: We heard a DEAFENING crack - like a log being broken over a rock - and you fell completely motionless to the ground. We thought you had broke your neck.



A: [trying to imitate Mike Posner] You probably think, you think you're cooler than me.



[Jake glares at Amir, who blinks slowly]



J: ...your legs didn't work anymore after that, so you started scooting down the street on your butt, screaming I'm Lieutenant Dan! See if you can keep up with me, ya GUMPS!, but you were moving like, 2 inches every minute.



A: [shaking his head] ...no...



J: Yes, okay?! Is this the first time you're getting a little embarrassed?



[cut to Amir still shaking his head, then back to Jake]



J: Okay, I'm gonna keep on going...Okay, you whipped out your penis ONE more time; you said, follow my trail of pee to victory, but once again, you could not produce any urine - 



A: [angry] I HAD JUST DRAINED - 



J: [interrupting] The main vein. No, I remember that. Do you remember the skateboarder that rode by? He saw your penis and laughed at you?



A: [squints and scratches his chin, then looks at Jake] ...Vaguely?



J: You started crying? You said, Let's see your guido dick! I have a big penis and you have a string beanis!



A: [rubbing his fingers on his temple] I'm sorry, is there a point to this story?



J: You asked me why I was mad.



A: [angry] Why don't you ask me why I'M mad, okay?! You take me to a slumpbuster festival, I haven't gotten any in like weeks - I'm on a 2-month dry spell - and EVERYBODY is outta my league.



J: [confused] You just said it was a slumpbuster festival, now they're out of your league?



A: THEY'RE BOTH, OKAY. I'm a 1, and they're 3s!!



J: Just stop for one second and listen to me.



A: [leans back, fumbling, unbuckles his belt and pants] No, you stop and listen to PEE.



[Amir attempts to pee, Jake starts to look away, but looks back]



J: ...Nothing.



A: [leans forward] I just drained the main vein like a DAY ago. On a CAKE, lest you forget.







END

													

														[Introduction] 



Jake: You're watching Jake and Amir. 



Amir: No doubt! 



Jake: Not cool. 



Amir: I know. 



[Jake and Amir at their desks, Amir is falling asleep]



Jake (sniffs to wake up Amir): Hey, any luck on the uh- soap or the body wash? I sent you you some links on Amazon. 



Amir: Yeah, no man. But get this, I was cleaning out my desk earlier and found this IOU that you wrote. 



(Amir holds up a piece of paper that reads: I.O.U. $1875)



Jake (standing up): I'm gonna go to lunch. 



Amir (yelling): W-w-wait. Okay? I'm talking' to you! 



Jake: What? 



Amir: What! Do me the courtesy of looking me in my eye! 



Jake: What do you want? 



Amir: 1875 bucks, man. Huh? Plus shipping. Okay, a little less if it's in the continental US, which last time I checked, my internet wasn't hooked up, so I couldn't find the answer. 



Jake: So let me get this straight. You were cleaning out your desk, which judging by the shit-stained khakis that are still right there, you've never actually done. And you found an IOU for the exact amount of that blow your own glass studio that you just bought on eBay? 



Amir: It's a coincidence, to be sure. 



(Amir salutes Jake) 



Jake: What is this? (salutes) 



Amir: It's a salute! 



Jake: You're never gonna get your shit together to actually set that up and learn how to blow you own glass. Okay, here's a tip, don't take up any hobbies until you've learned how to wash yourself. 



Amir: Alright, you're not getting a Mason jar. 



Jake: You need a coal burning oven, by the way. If you want to blow you own glass you need to buy a coal burning oven. 



Amir: Alright, how 'bout this. You give me the 1875 or I blackmail ya. 



Jake: With what? 



Amir: With what, Isn't blackmail alone bad enough? Now you want to know with what? How about I punch ya, man. Or you wanna know with what?



Jake: Just try to get out of buying the glass studio. 



Amir (on phone): Mickey my friend, how are you? Ha ha! Yes. Long time, no time. I believe I'm going to have to pass on that glass studio. Yes, I'm going to have to pass on that glass, as they say. Laughs Yeah, my associate actually informs me that you need a coal burning oven which, you didn't quite tell me about, Mickey. You misled me Mickey, and I'm a little offended. Let me tell you something about myself, my friend: I do not cut corners. This is how I do it, yes on the glass studio, throw in an oven. Okay, if I'm going to do this, and I'm going to do this, then I can't start cutting corners on an oven Mickey. laughs The cheque? The cheque- I just handed the cheque off to the postman right now. (Amir gestures toward Jake and whispers) hand it off to a postman, hand it off to a fricki-



Jake: Mickey he's lying to you! 



Amir (covers phone): My god, man! That is amaz- I'm writing a new song and that would be a perfect chorus! 



Jake: A new song? What's your old song?



(Amir picks up a guitar and starts to strum) 



Amir (singing): Mickey's lyin' an old man is dyin' and nobody's cryin' but you Mickey! Mickey! Mickey! Mickey! So... 



Jake: That's awful. 



Streeter: Dude, I really really liked that. What is-



Jake: Yeah, well I wrote it! I gave him the chorus, which I know is your favorite part! 



Streeter: Well, not mumble not really. 



(Amir starts playing guitar) 



Amir and Streeter (sing): Mickey! Mickey! Mickey! 



Jake: You're gonna say I didn't write that? How about this, I would love to make you a vase. I'll cut you an 1875 cheque right now if you give me one guitar lesson. 



[After Collegehumour logo] 



Amir (playing guitar): Mickey! Mickey! 



(Jake joins in singing) 



Amir: No no no! 



Jake: I was getting it! It's my song! It's my song, I don't have to listen to you do it! 



Streeter: Jake! Come on, let him play. 



Amir (plays guitar): Here we go, ready? Mickey! Mickey! 



(Jake joins in singing) 



Amir: Don't sing!

													

														INTRO:



AMIR: (crying) Hey you're watching Jake and Amir



JAKE: Why are you crying?



AMIR: Because I'm sad!







[Jake is sitting on the couch filling out his bracket. Amir sits down next to him with his own bracket.]



AMIR: March Madness bracket? I don't know why you even bother filling it out because I plan on WINNING!...



JAKE: Ok, man...



AMIR: WINNING!...



JAKE: Enough with the Charlie Sheen stuff.







AMIR: Ooh, I'm thinking Gonzaga.. will be gonza-gone.. by the second round... insagone. (laughs; Jake doesn't react.) Nothing, huh? Trying to act cool in front of your friends?



JAKE: What friends?



AMIR: Me!







AMIR: Yeah, I'm on a drug; it's called.. Martin Sheen!



JAKE: At least get it right.







AMIR: Oh that's funny I went to Morehead State. As in, I got more head.. than an entire state! (laughs)



JAKE: Where did you go to school?



AMIR: I took an online course, once, at one college, and I'm a hero... (holds his arms with his palms upward and makes a something doesn't add up face)



JAKE: No...--



AMIR: For what?



JAKE: You're not.



AMIR: I'm not.







AMIR: Yu-kon..'t believe who I have coming out of this Huskies region! Hehe. You-con't believe--



JAKE: Don't force it.



AMIR: I always force it!



JAKE: I know!



AMIR: (starting to cry) But I get there, and it's earned!



JAKE: Don't cry!..







AMIR: Hey, I'm gonna go out on a limb... and finish the rest of this bracket.. in a tree! (makes a climbing motion with his hands)



JAKE: Why do you tell jokes?







AMIR: So the doctor says that I can't fart, you see it's just constantly o-- the gas is just always seeping out, it's like.. a constant flow of it.







AMIR: You know there's never been a perfect bracket?



JAKE: I did know that.



AMIR: But I think your bracket is perfect always.



JAKE: Thank you.



AMIR: Look at me!



JAKE: I said thank you!







[Amir is leaning back with his hands behind his head.]



JAKE: I can't tell if you're actually sad or if you're trying to think of another joke.



AMIR: I'm gonna fill the rest of my bracket out in a tree, alright, how's that for another joke?







AMIR: Cincinnati? More like Cincinnasty! (plugs his noze and waves his hand in front of his face as if to clear a bad smell) PU, you guys! (laughs)



JAKE: Why do you have them in your final four?



AMIR: Because nasty.. is- means good, so.



JAKE: You said PU and plugged your nose.



AMIR: (plugging his nose and waving his hand again) Yeah.. because- Oh, that's cuz I smell.







JAKE: Hey, maybe don't submit a bracket this year. Just because every single year you--



AMIR: Why would I not submit a bracket this year?



JAKE: I'm in the middle of telling you!



AMIR: Whoah...---



JAKE: Every year, you call the organizer the night before the finals and you threaten to sue them for gambling if they don't give you your five dollars back.



AMIR: Who pissed in your toilets?







(Amir touches Jake's leg.)



JAKE: (quietly) Don't touch my leg.



AMIR: (quietly, touching Jake's leg again) Ohkee--



JAKE: Don't touch-- (smacking Amir's forehead) No. No!







AMIR: Aand.. done. (laughs) I think it's called March Madness because if I'm not winning, it's madness. (laughs)



JAKE: Nope.



AMIR: (mocking Jake) Nope. Nope. Wow. Yugh, you're suck an idiot! How 'bout trying to laugh with me for once? You're constantly doing stuff like Wow, Oh, you're so stupid. Huh? That's not very constructive! You're just tearing me down! How 'bout laughing with me! That's more fun! Cuz you know what, at the end of the day, I'm saying a lot of stupid stuff, but I'm smiling, I'm having a good time, and you're not; you're miserable. Congratulations, you're taking the easy route.



JAKE: Ok, I'm sorry.



AMIR: I was kidding, ya frickin' loser! (laughs)



END.

													

														[Introduction]



Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake and A-sneezes



Jake: Oh! All over my shirt!



[Jake and Amir in a break area, Jake on his laptop, Amir lying on a couch. Amir plays a music box over and over again as Jake gets increasingly annoyed] 



Jake: Hey hey!



Amir: What?!

													

														INTRO



JAKE: You're watching Jake and Amir, and why are you calling me?



AMIR: To talk!







AMIR: Sorry, who are we waiting for?



JAKE: Nobody, he's here.



BEN: Hi.



AMIR: Ahh!



BEN: (opens arms) Welcome, to my office.



AMIR: This is your office?



BEN: No, come on.



AMIR: (imitates hand motion) But, you went like that.



BEN: (points to elbows) I was just stretching these parts of my arms.



AMIR: The elbows?



BEN: I don't know what they're called, but I was stretching them.



AMIR: In addition to the movement, you said welcome to my office.



BEN: I don't remember what I said, who knows what I said, Jake brought me here.



JAKE: I didn't bring you here.



BEN: You sure did. I was holding like 30 bags of Funyuns and I couldn't get into my pockets again. So you took out your security card. (Jake shakes his head) No, right? I brought me here. (winks)



AMIR: What was that?



BEN: That was a wink.



AMIR: You winked at Jake.



BEN: Yeah, because Jake brought me here.



JAKE: Come on



BEN: Listen, I'm the head of H.R., right? (Jake nods) And the reason I am here is to deal with your terrible, terrible smell.



AMIR: You look so familiar.



BEN: I don't think so.



AMIR: What is your? Sorry, I was still talking, what is your name?



BEN: My name? Is that what you want to know? (AMIR: Yeah.) Because I'm a totally different person that you've ever seen. My name is...Fm-mm...







FLASHBACK



JAKE: Most important rule when we're in there: If he asks you your name, don't hesitate.



BEN: I never hesitate, I'm amazing at thinking of new names.



JAKE: No, you're not that good.



BEN: I'm amazing, unique names.



JAKE: Alright, practice. What's your name?



BEN: My name is Qu-Qu-Crowlidit-Cowlideen? San.



JAKE: See, this is a good example of stuttering, making up a name.



BEN: Mmmm...



JAKE: This is not good, Ok, think of a name before we go in, that's all I'm saying.



BEN: I got one, I got one in my back pocket. I just memorized it.



JAKE: What is it?



BEN: My name?



JAKE: Yeah?



BEN: Se-Shannon-Shoonith?



JAKE: Then you didn't just memorize it, Ok, look, if you need to, just use the name, Jim. Ok?



BEN: Not gonna have to.



JAKE: Alright, but just in case you can't think of something-



BEN: Don't think of a just in case, I'll just use what I got.



JAKE: Alright, what's your name?



BEN: My name? Ask me what my name is.



JAKE: I just did. What is your name.







BEN: Ask me my name?



AMIR: I just did. I said, what's your name?



BEN: My name is... Shhhsscaal-



JAKE: Jim!



BEN: Nope. I know what my name is. My name is Scalby...Scalby-Lawfsoos.



AMIR: Scalby-Lawfsoos?



BEN: is my fist name, my last name is... Jim.



JAKE: Can we talk about what we came here to talk about?



BEN: Yeah, absolutely. Amir, you stink. Ugh, you stink.



AMIR: At what?



BEN: At just smelling bad.



AMIR: So I smell good?



BEN: Yuck, I messed that up. I messed that up. There's only one thing to do. (standing up) Jake, I'm going rogue.







FLASHBACK



JAKE: Ok, just promise me one thing. Don't go rogue.



BEN: I don't even know what that means, what does it mean to go rogue?



JAKE: That's good, don't worry about it. Just don't stray. Ok?



BEN: Hey, don't worry. This Joe won't be Rogen.



JAKE: That was bad.



BEN: Seth won't be Rogen.



JAKE: Even worse, Ok, just stay on topic, is what I'm saying.







JAKE: Don't go rogue!



BEN: It's too late, I'm roguein' right now.



JAKE: You said you didn't even know what it meant!



BEN: I said a lot of things, I ate all those Funyuns, I didn't throw them out. You ready? Take off your clothes.



JAKE: (Amir starts taking shirt off) Hey, hey, stop, look. If he blindly follows your instructions, just tell him to shower.



BEN: I can't do that, this is way smarter.



JAKE: (standing up) Ok, I'm gonna go.



BEN: No, don't go, this is the best part!



AMIR: Jake!



JAKE: (tries to turn handle) We're locked in.



BEN: (gasps)



AMIR: (gasps)



JAKE: (gasps)



AMIR: (pause, laughs)



BEN: Huh!



JAKE: Ugh.



AMIR: (farts)



BEN: (signature Ben Scwartz whale-laugh) 



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														PREVIOUSLY ON JAKE AND AMIR



JAKE: We're locked in.



BEN: (gasps)



AMIR: (gasps)



JAKE: (gasps)







INTRO



AMIR: You're drock- uh- you're Jakein- watching Jake-



JAKE: You've gotta learn how to do intros, man.







(Amir pees on plant)



JAKE: Do you have to pee right now? Ok, we've been in here a minute and it doesn't sound like you have to piss that bad.



AMIR: Ok, I don't, alright. I'm forcing it.



BEN: We have to calm down if we wanna survive!



JAKE: I'm calm.



BEN: Oh, no. There's no more water.



JAKE: You're drinking water.



BEN: There's nothing in this. I didn't know what to do so I pretended there was water. We should drink each others' piss.



AMIR: There's a lot of pee on these leaves.



BEN: Ok.



JAKE: Ok, stop. You know what, don't drink your own- look, I have water.



BEN: Shut up with your water it's time to drink piss!



AMIR: Hey! Do you realize how much pee I could've made with that water?



BEN: You're right, here, go, go, go, go!



JAKE: You guys, they sent somebody up to unlock the door.



BEN: You're right. We're running out of oxygen.



JAKE: I didn't say that.



BEN: We have to find oxygen.



AMIR: Under the door.



BEN: Under the door. Under the door!



(Amir and Ben put their heads near bottom of door and take several gasping breaths)



JAKE: Nobody breathes like that.



BEN: (pants) We should think of a way to pass the time.



AMIR: Let's have a talent show.



BEN: We should have a talent show.



AMIR: Don't say that like it was your idea!



BEN: We thought of it.



JAKE: You guys, what about Amir's stench?



BEN: We handled that already.



JAKE: When?



AMIR: I peed on the frickin' plant. Is that not enough, Romeo?



JAKE: How does that help?!



AMIR: What do you mean, how does that help, all the pee is now here, (touches plant) all the stink.



JAKE: It's on your hand, now!



AMIR: Exactly!



JAKE: We're not having a talent show.



AMIR: Oh, my God, you're just jealous 'cause you don't have a talent.



BEN: You have zero talents. (Amir laughs)



JAKE: Ha, ha, ha, well if that's what you guys think then, uh, (bad Cartman impression) screw you guys, I'm going home.



AMIR: What the hell was that?



JAKE: That's my impression, Ok? South park, Eric Carman?



AMIR: Eric Cartman?



JAKE: (bad Cartman impression) Respect my authority!



AMIR: No, respect my authoritah.



BEN: You sound like a witch!



JAKE: Ok, I also do, uh, (mumbles though hand) his friend Kimmy!



AMIR: Kenny.



JAKE: Stam!



AMIR: Stan.



JAKE: Kylee!



AMIR: Kyle.



JAKE: Mr. Spanky, the Christmas Shit! 



AMIR: Poo!



JAKE: (bad Cartman impression) Ok, you guys need to learn how to be funny,



(all laugh)



BEN: Sto-



JAKE: Batman! Here we go. (bad Batman impression) Harvey Dept!



BEN: Do your Batman.



AMIR: No... Every name, you're getting wrong. (bad Batman impression) If you like his Batman, you're gonna love mine.



BEN: Ohhh... Batman is in this room!



AMIR: He's in my mouth.



BEN: No!



JAKE: (bat Batman impression) He's me too.



BEN: (bad Batman impression) How could he be there if he's right over here?



AMIR: (bad Batman impression) Whoa!



JAKE: (bad Joker impression) You guys better watch out for the Jokester!



BEN: Oh my God, Amir. There's a key in the other side of this door!



AMIR: (getting up) I have an idea.



BEN: Batman does?



AMIR: No, I do.



JAKE: (bad Borat/Yoda impression) Uh, Borat says what's you idea, you will?



BEN: That is Yoda doing a terrible Borat.



JAKE: Alright, screw you dude. Ok, I paid you good money and you went rogue.



(Amir slides newspaper under door, hits handle so key falls onto it, and slides it under. Ben and Amir laugh. Amir uses key to turn switch that doesn't require key and opens door.)



BEN: (bad Batman impression) That's another case solved, Batman.



AMIR: (bad Batman impression, mumbling) Thank you very much, Batman.



JAKE: (bad Batman impression) Alright, the three Batmans have done it-



BEN: You've got to shut the f*ck up.



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														[Introduction] 



Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. Alright, how was that bitch? 



Jake: You just ruined it! 



[Jake and Amir at their desks, both laughing] 



Jake: laughs Oh, that does make sense because the subway wasn't running today. 



Amir: Yeah, I know. I was just down there and I pressed the emergency breaks, you know? Which brings the whole thing to like a standstill. And we were stuck down there for like... a day. laughs



Jake: Yes! I remember you came up above ground finally and everyone was chanting Asshole!



Amir (powdering his face): Yeah, that's not the first time that's happened. laughs



Jake: Whoa... 



Amir: Yeah, third grade talent show, decided to do standup comedy but my material was a little... raunchy. laughs I was booed off the stage, but my dad was so embarrassed that he moved. 



Jake: Alright, that's sad, but I was talking about the makeup. 



Amir: What? 



Jake: You're putting powder on your face. 



Amir: Yeah. I have oily skin. It's a greasy t-zone. 



Jake: Do you wash your face? 



Amir: Don't need to. laughs I just use the powder. 



Jake: Then you do need to wash you-



Amir (interrupting Jake): The trick is to make it look like you're not wearing a lot. 



Jake: That's the trick for girls. The trick for guys is just to never wear any makeup. 



Amir (closing his compact): Alright, lemme tell you a story. In sixth grade, I was bullied so hard that my dad almost moved. Instead, my teacher called a parental mediation session. So it was just me and my dad, the tormenter and the tormenter's foster mom. They all ganged up on me so hard, that my dad moved. 



Jake: Sorry, your dad ganged up on you so hard that he moved? 



Amir (powdering his face): Yes. 



Jake: How does this relate to oily skin? 



Amir: It doesn't relate to oily skin. Okay? I just wear makeup, alright? Maybe you should care about your personal appearance too. You might look a little better. 



Jake: Stand up! 



(Amir stands up) 



Jake: Turn around! 



(Amir turns around) 



Jake: Great! I just wanted to make sure I was getting fashion advice from the guy who shit his pants three weeks ago and has yet to clean them. 



Amir: Ooh! Easy fix! (powders his butt) 



Jake: That's not- No! That doesn't fix it. 



Amir: Says the guy who got his pubes waxed everyday for like a month. 



Jake: I didn't do that. 



Amir: I'm talking about me. And you know what? I developed such a bad rash after my 30th full brazilian in as many days that you know what my dad did? 



Jake: Moved? 



Amir: He frickin' moved!

													

														Introduction:



Jake: Hey you're watching Jake and... Will you please start wearing pants to these.



Amir:Relax.







Amir: [Talking to three high school age boys and handing them each some cash] Thank you so much. Honestly, I mean I don't know what you do with this money but it's like yours to keep.



Jake:[Walking to his desk] Yo, what's going on?



Amir: None ya!



[Jake raises his eyebrows]



Amir: You're not curious to know what that means? None ya. It's a new word.



Jake: I already know what you're gonna say.



Amir: None ya business!



Jake: Right, got it. Why are you paying these teenagers money?



Amir: First of all, okay, they're not teenagers. They're all fifteen years old.



Jake: Then they're teenagers.



Amir: [Turning to the teenagers] You guys lied to me.



Jake: They didn't lie to you okay, you misconstrued that.How do you know them?



Amir: They were in second grade uh, when I was in second grade, so [Amir high fives all three of them in a row].



Jake: How? They're half your age?



Amir: I was held back. Constantly, if you must know. Eight straight years in second grade before I decided to turn it on. Alright, I flip it on like a light switch. I'm powering through third, fourth, fifth grade, sixth grade comes along, I open my stupid little trap, and the hammer comes down!



Jake: So you didn't talk for four years?



Amir: Not a peep! Alright, but then they find out that my reading is still at a second grade level and my math just isn't there.



Jake: So it sounds like you didn't turn it on.



Amir: Yeah, turns out I just left it off. They shipped me back to second grade with my tail between my legs and every teacher in the hallway just booing me. I spent another nine and a half spottin' second grade. I didn't say a peep the entire time! But hey, at this point, they're already hip to that game so they just keep me there.



Jake: So you didn't talk for ten years?



Amir: Not a peep.



Jake: Stop saying peep.



Amir: Mum was the fricken' peep.



Jake: That's enough. I don't know what you guys are doing here but you all can just go home alright, peace out [Jake gives them the peace sign].



Teenager 1: That's not cool.



Jake: [Puts up peace sign] This isn't cool? Alright dude, I'll stop doing it.



Amir: They're tutoring me.



Jake: They're tutoring you? Okay, yeah, and my shirts grey [sarcastic].



Teenager 2: Your shirt is grey.



Jake: Its steel! Okay! Why don't I tutor you in having eyes.



Amir: They're tutoring me in math, English, Physics...



Jake: Oh, they're tutoring you in math? Here's a pop quiz, eight times eight.



Amir: Ah, eight squared! You guys just taught me this.



Jake: Woah, woah,woah, excuse me dude, eight squared? I said eight times eight! [Jake starts pointing to his eyes] Listen!



Teenager 1: It's the same thing.



Jake: Who are you man? Alright look, either way he's not gonna get it.



Teenager 3: Come on Amir! You can do it!



Jake: Woah, woah, woah! Foul on the play! No doing that dude. You can't encourage him. He's got to do it himself. 



Teenager 1: He is.



Jake: Not with you guys smiling at him, believing in him, saying [Jake starts in a mocking voice] Oh Amir, come on you can do it! You coddle him like a child. It's pathetic.



Amir: Oh, 64!



Jake: [Starts clapping] Bravo. Bravo. You guys tutored him to cheat, with a calculator under the desk. [Jake bends down to look under the desk and bangs his forehead down on top of it.] AH! Oh, no. Ow! Okay, no calculator under there but ay, who left this desk here? Haha. [Jake starts looking bad and puts his hand on his stomach] I'm gonna vomit.



Teenager 1: You should lie down.



Jake: You should lie up! Who are you! [Jake starts leaning on the desk] I don't need a tutor to tell me... [Jake wobbles a little and sits down on the desk] I'm dying.

													

														INTRO: Jake and Amir's Get Together Project



Playing charades. Jake gestures a film. 



AMIR: Film. Two words. 



JAKE: Right. 



AMIR: Titanic. 



JAKE: You just said two words. 



AMIR: The Titanic. 



JAKE: Not a movie. 



AMIR: Alright, my turn. 



Amir gestures a film. 



JAKE: Film.



Amir holds all his fingers up. 



JAKE: What film is 10 words long? .... 10th word. Fish?  



Amir shrugs his shoulders in surprise. 



JAKE: Don't... ugh.. so you're surprised? You were going like this, it's clearly a fish. Alright, I give up... 



BUS STRANGER #1: It's "Don't be a menace to South Central while drinking your juice in the hood"



AMIR: Yes. Nailed it!



They high five. 



That's like 50 words. 



AMIR: 12, actually. 



The bus applauds. 



JAKE: Don't applaud... ok? He said it was ten. 



AMIR: (to camera) Who says people can't talk to each other on the way to work? I mean, we got this bus cooking. Cooking on charades. 



JAKE: What does that mean, man? Cooking on charades... 



AMIR: Bringing the mood down, man. Not cool. 



JAKE: We wanna see you make your commute a wonderful thing. 



AMIR: Alright, give me one more. 



JAKE: Ok, fine, but it's going to be a book. 



AMIR: Nah, forget it. 



JAKE: Come on, man. 



AMIR: I already said forget it!







OUTRO - Amir - People! Let's get closer!



Jake - Join our get together project on facebook.com/Bacardi



Jake - Ok, you're never gonna get this one!



Amir - Star Wars. 



Jake - Lucky guess. 



Amir - Jedi mind trick... so... 



Episode Link

													

														INTRO   



AMIR : Jake and Amir's get together project   







(In the office)   



Amir : (handing a cup to Jake) Tada!   



JAKE : What?   



AMIR : I got you a coffee. So a cof and a fee for free.   



JAKE : (taking a cup from Amir) Alright this is really cold and this doesn't smell like coffee.   



AMIR : It's better than coffee.   



JAKE : You did already say it was coffee.   



AMIR: It's milk with syrup in it, some brown sugar, little bit of other stuff, okay. Before, you don't drink it just know that, that's gonna really irk me. Alright?   



JAKE : Well I don't want a syrupy milk.   



AMIR : See this is it, this exactly it! You did something friendly for someone and nobody couldn't believe it.   



JAKE : This wasn't friendly.   



AMIR : We need to do something about this. Confronted head on.   



JAKE : Okay, for starters I'll get my own coffee.   



AMIR : We need to get people connecting! Trusting! Okay, get out there generate some real human warmth.    



JAKE : Yea you stop listening to me, huh.   



AMIR : I have an Idea.   







(Outside the building)   



Amir : What better way to generate warm feeling than with the group hug? Okay, it's time to feel the love.   



JAKE : Yeah people don't like hugging strangers, man.    



AMIR: Yea we won't be strangers, man..   



JAKE : Let's just go back to the office.   



AMIR : You know, if someone doesn't wrap arms around me in the next 10 seconds, I'm gonna scream!   



JAKE : You're screaming right now.   



AMIR : (holds a megaphone)   



JAKE : Oh no..   



AMIR : Yes, Okay. (using megaphone) Who wants a hug? That's right don't feel shy, come out and hug us! Don't be shy, wrap your arms around both of us. (people started to hug Jake and Amir) Here we go, Okay, yes, cover still. Never end. Feel the warmth, we're doing it! We're really really doing it.   



OUTRO   



THE END

VIDEO LINK

													

														INTRO



JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, but you should be studying.



AMIR: Haha bad joke.







AMIR: (Checking computer) Hey, can you help me upload these videos to Collegehumor?  Something's acting whack.



JAKE: Fine, but only because it sounds like it might be related to your job.  (Gets up and walks to Amir's desk) (Check's Amir's computer) Okay, it's not.



AMIR: W-w-w-wait!



JAKE: What is this?



AMIR: Okay, so basically the crux of this shot is that mythat's my boy, Bradlyn, in that tree and he's just hurling hard, hard rocks and like apples down at cars that drive by.  



JAKE: Geez...



AMIR: Yeah, this video ishaha right there (points at computer screen)this video is really polarizing on Youtube.  I loved it, but everyone else really, really hated it.



JAKE: Then it wasn't polarizing.



AMIR: Yeah, if you like that video, you're gonna love the next one.



JAKE: I hated that video.



AMIR: (Shouting) Well then you're gonna love the next one! 



JAKE: Shhhh!  Calm down, okay?  You're yelling. 



AMIR: (Nervously shouting) It's called Inversed Snot Rocket, okay? 



JAKE: I can see the title, alright?  Just shh



AMIR: (Yelling) Basically the crux of the short is that



JAKE: I'm gonna go because you're screaming



AMIR: (Grabs Jake by his shirt) NO!



JAKE: Ah, ow!



AMIR: (Yelling) You don't go!



JAKE: Amir, Amir, you're hurting me.



AMIR: (Yelling) I'm just excited to tell you 



JAKE: You're hurting me.



AMIR: (Still yelling) the crux of the short, that's it!



JAKE: Okay, just let go of me, okay?!  (Pulls away from Amir's grip)  God, you're sweating so much right now!



AMIR: (Still yelling) Okay, it's basically w-at the basic level of it it's just two people putting the spray paint bottle in the notthe the things are going up my nostrils and out of my mouth like and inverse snot rocket. 



JAKE: It's cool, shut up (puts hand on Amir's shoulder) you're starting to



AMIR: (Screaming) YOU DON'T TOUCH ME! (Pushes Jake's hand away)



JAKE: Chill out!



AMIR: (A little quieter, but still yelling) You don't touch me!



JAKE: Chill out, okay?



AMIR: (Yelling) I am chill!  Just don't freakin' grab my shoulder like that.



JAKE: You're-you just grabbed my chest!



AMIR: (Yelling) Okay, in this next video right?



JAKE: You haven't even showed me the other one.



AMIR: (Yelling) In this next one, that's the one that's legit uncomfortable to watch!



JAKE: They're all uncomfortable to watch. 



AMIR: (Yelling) Yeah, well this one, like, my friend, Trayson, right?  He builds this ramp at the edge of a drained lake



JAKE: Who names your friends?  Trayson?



AMIR: (Yelling) Okay, we built this homemade catapult, right?  A twenty foot catapult and we put his grandma's chocolate lab in it and I'm holding   it down, but the hound just bites my neck, I shoo the mutt off the thing, but I'm holding the catapult with one hand and it just flies outta my hand clips my chin and it's lights out for me!  The-look at that, right there, (Points to computer) the top of my skull



JAKE: Oh!



AMIR: (Yelling) just hits the small of my back and I'm just like, "haha haha haha ha".



JAKE: Alright, just stop yelling, you're sweating!



AMIR: (Yelling) I'm excited to show this, okay?  More than just being excited, I'm excited to show this to



JAKE: (Grabs amir at the back of his head) Alright, hey, chill out, chill.  Who's gonna chill out?



AMIR: (Struggling) Me.



JAKE: Shut off your computer.



(Amir makes a struggling noise)



JAKE: Shut it off.



(Amir closes his laptop)



JAKE: Good boy.



(Amir gasps for air)



JAKE: Got to sleep.  Sleep.



(Amir makes more sounds of struggle as Jake pulls Amir's head further back) 



(Amir falls asleep)



JAKE: Sleep. 



(Amir snores)



JAKE: ...I hate you so much...



THE END



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1isDbw8Cufg

													

														INTRO Jake - You're watching Jake and Amir!



Amir - (baby talk) Yes you are! Yes you are!



Jake - They're not babies. 







(Amir is going through the motions of applying the eyedrops but his glasses are still on)



JAKE: Nope. You missed it. You hit your glasses again. 



AMIR: Yeah. Hey, do you have someone you could set me up with, like on a date?



JAKE: Um. I don't know, man. 



AMIR: Just. I'm lonely and horny, so. 



JAKE: OK, Definitely not. 



AMIR: OK, I've been on 5 dates in my life man. All right? The first one ended up insanely well but there's no way in hell she's ever going to go out with me again.  Two of the girls I gave pink eye to.  Fourth one, she ended up super, super pissed, but not at me. Fifth one, I really cannot for the life of me remember, oh right! No, you know what?  You killed her with a bus! 



JAKE: I di--I don't want to set you up with any of my friends, OK? Sorry.



AMIR: OK, are you afraid of me not being me on the date? Like me not being real, because I assure you, I will be there, it will be me, full throttle. Love me or hate me, you gotta love me. 



JAKE: All right.  I'm the girl.  Let's say we're on the date right now. Where have you taken me?



AMIR: Here's something cute and quirky.  Let's order dessert first. Haha, that's weird, I'm different. 



JAKE: OK, you're trying too hard. Why don't you tell me about some of your hobbies. 



AMIE: All right, let's just be frank, all right? I want one thing, and one thing only. A one night stand. Only at the end of the night, we won't be standing. I want to lay down and hug you. 



JAKE: That's sad.  Tell me about where you grew up. 



AMIR: A lot of girls don't like guys that kiss and tell. Well, let me be frank with you, yet again, sweetheart. I never kiss, and always tell. (chuckles) I keep telling people how much I've never kissed. 



JAKE: Do you realize you haven't answered a single one of my questions?



AMIR: And at the conclusion of the night, we walk home, I rub my hand against the dirty park bench, and just start rubbing your eyes.



JAKE: So, the pink eye thing.  It's kind of a miracle the other 3 dates didn't get it.   



AMIR: Yeah, well they probably did. 



JAKE: All right, well like I said, I don't know anyone who would want to go out with you. 



AMIR: Sorry. Is this still in character, like we're on the date?



JAKE: No. 



AMIR: (getting worked up) What do you mean, no?



JAKE: I mean, I don't want to do this anymore.



AMIR: Is this why you invited me to this restaurant? To embarrass me in front of everyone? You slut!  



JAKE: I don't want to play this game!



AMIR: OK, this isn't a game, baby. This is me! All right, my heart is exposed right now and you can either tear it out, or s- or say yes and make me the happiest man ever.  



JAKE: We're not really breaking up. 



AMIR: (sighs) Thank gosh, promise? (pause) I swear, all I want to do is lay down and hug.



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZtiWgvXLhE

													

														INTRO:



(2011-2012 Jake and Amir Intro with no voiceover)







[Jake and Amir are sitting on a couch, talking to the camera.]



JAKE: (claps) First of all, thank you guys for donating.



AMIR: Yes, very cool, very cool.



JAKE: Very cool, very cool indeed. So thank you again.



AMIR: Yes, rock on.



JAKE: (to Amir) I feel like you're trying not to say thank you.



AMIR: Well they didn't do anything for me!







AMIR: (to the camera) We wanted to give a little love to those who donated more, so if you donated less than five dollars, you guys are rock stars, keep kickin' butt, every dollar counts, but: please press stop now. (smiles and waits a beat.) (to Jake) Alright, those cheap bastards are gone, so--



JAKE: Hey, what are you doing?--







AMIR: (untangling Jake's hands from his arms) Our boss forced us to do this!



JAKE: He does not speak for me!--



AMIR: Against our will!



JAKE: He doesn't speak for me.







AMIR: When CollegeHumor recently said they wanted to help with Japan relief, I said count me in, what can I do to help?.



JAKE: Actually you said what's going on in Japan? Sorry, I DVR the news and I'm a year behind.



AMIR: Ok, don't you think Conan's being kind of a douche about this whole Jay Leno thing? I mean, all the guy wants is his show back.







AMIR: If every one of you doubles what you've donated already, we can give twice as much,, to charity.



JAKE: (to Amir) Well, they've already donated.



AMIR: (to the camera) Well, when it comes to giving you can never give enough, so double what you've given, so we--



JAKE: Ok but they have given; they gave; that's ok--



AMIR: Well, give more, specifically double as much--



JAKE: How much money did you give?



AMIR: Didn't need to. Making the video.



JAKE: You're barely doing that. (Amir smiles a strange smile.) You're doing a bad job.







AMIR: (Singing Don't Stop Me Now by Queen) Tonight, I'm gonna have myself a real good time, I--



JAKE: Sorry, do you think we stopped making the charity video?



AMIR: This is.. it-- for them, ok? It's a gift!







AMIR: Ok I'm sorry but it's sixty-one degrees out right now, and Al Gore is complaining about Global Warming. Something doesn't add up, right?



JAKE: Ok you're pretty far behind in the news, huh? And sixty-one degrees IS pretty warm, for March, in New York--



AMIR: I just hope he doesn't win this recount, I mean I'm sorry, aeaheha (stuttering)--



JAKE: Wow, you're further behind than I thought!







JAKE: (singing How to Save a Live by the Fray) Where did I go wrong, she lost a friend, somewhere along in the bitterness, and I, would have stayed u--



AMIR: We're good. Hey! We already have my song, that's enough.







AMIR: From Jake (gestures at himself) and Amir (gestures at Jake), thanks again (blows a kiss at the camera).



JAKE: Don't do that man, that really freaks me out, ok I'm Jake, you know that, right?--



AMIR: Well we can both be Jake.. (pats Jake hard on the shoulder) for a day! (laughs)



JAKE: Oh my God that's exactly what I'm talking about, it's really creepy.



AMIR: (quietly) Yeah. (to the camera) Two Jakes say: we're gone (holds up a peace sign).



END.

													

														INTRO:



JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake an-- Will you please start wearing pants to these?



AMIR: Relaaax.







[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks.]



JAKE: ...and I was like, I was so confused, (Rick Fox walks up from behind Jake holding four cartons of eggs under one arm and a single egg in his free hand) I was so pissed, and I called up customer service, and I was like, yo--



(Rick cracks the egg he is holding on the back of Jake's chair and lets the contents fall onto Jake's head.)



JAKE: --OOH my God! (Amir and Rick laugh.) Rick Fox?



RICK: (patting Jake on the shoulder) You gotta learn how to be ready, man!



JAKE: That's.. not funny! Ok? I'm covered in egg!



RICK: (offering a high five to Amir, but with an egg in his hand) Up top, Amir! (Amir goes for the high five, but Rick slaps his hand on Amir's head, cracking the egg.)



AMIR: (laughing) Uhahah he got me too!



RICK: (sitting down next to Amir) Alright enough fun.



JAKE: How is this fun? What are you even doing here?



RICK: Well, you know I'm Amir's broker?



JAKE: I didn't know that; I thought you were his bookie.



RICK: Well, bookies are for thugs. Brokers are for mugs! (He and Amir smile cheesily.)



JAKE: You gotta stop it with the puns, I don't know who told you you were good--



AMIR: Basically I give Rick money, you know, MY money, and he invests it in basketball games, baseball games,--



RICK: Sports of that nature.



JAKE: So it sounds like you're still a bookie.



RICK: I also bought him a share of Dell.



AMIR: Dude. I'm getting a share of Dell.



JAKE: Just one share?



RICK: Yeah, I woulda bought him more, but he just lost forty Gs on the 1982 Miss Universe Pageant.



AMIR: Yeeah, Rick said that Miss East Germany was due, but uh, guess not. That was a big vig for the fantastic Mr. Fox--



AMIR and RICK: eeheheh HENRY! HENRY! HENRY!--



JAKE: Stop! Stop.



(Rick's phone rings; the contact who is calling is Giant Egg, whose picture is of a fried egg. Rick looks at the phone, gets nervous, and hangs up the call, putting his phone down.)



JAKE: I saw that.



RICK: No you didn't.



JAKE: Yes, I did, it looked like you got a c--



RICK: --Call from a giant egg? Impossible.



JAKE: Then why are you being so defensive about it?



RICK: Ok, look man. (covering the stack of egg cartons with she bloody-shouldered shirt from Zombie) I need you guys to do me an omelette-sized favor.



AMIR: Anything!



JAKE: ..No!..



RICK: Look, in about thirty minutes, a slew of farmers and cops are gonna come in here, looking for me.



JAKE: We said no.



RICK: Well, they're gonna be talking all sorts of insane BS, about how I've stolen thousands of--



JAKE: --Eggs?



RICK: No. What?



AMIR: (laughing) What? I'm like..



RICK: Tractors!



AMIR: (laughing) I dunno..



RICK: You seriously have a sick obsession.



AMIR: (laughing) You're like- What is wrong with you, man?



RICK: Was your mom a.. a chicken or something?



AMIR: Were you frickin' laid, man? Were you frickin like hatched, bro?



JAKE: HE'S the one that comes in here cracking eggs-- you know what, never mind.



RICK: Anyway, look. I need you guys.. to say that I was never here.



JAKE: Absolutely not.



AMIR: (looks to where Rick was sitting, sees nothing, then holds up an egg) He's gone!



JAKE: He's not gone. He walked like two feet; he's behind that plant.



(The camera pans to show Rick standing behind the plant, clearly visible.)



JAKE: (to Rick) You know you're not doing that good a job of hiding.



(Rick puts a finger to his mouth to say shh, then opens his lips and pushes out an egg with his tongue, pointing his finger at Jake.)



JAKE: At least move behind the main branch!



(Rick looks over at the main branch, then shakes his head no in response to Jake.)



JAKE: (throwing his arms up) Okay.



AMIR: He's fine!



JAKE: He's not fine!



RICK: (in a hushed tone) I'm fine! Be quiet!



END.

													

														INTRO:



AMIR: (in a strange unknown accent) Hola, sir wachin Jake and Amar.



JAKE: Not Spanish.



AMIR: Wasn't trying to be.







[Jake, Murph, and Rosie are sitting in chairs in a break room.]



MURPH: Do you guys remember how small our dicks were in high school?



(Rosie laughs)



JAKE: In high school, yeahyeah.



MURPH: God, it was like..



JAKE: I had the peenie-- the teeniest tiny little thing.



MURPH: Seriously.



ROSIE: Yeah, I'm just so happy there wasn't, like, sexting back then, cuz I would just like--



JAKE: Oh, man--



ROSIE: --my tiny dick would be all over the internet, like--



(All laugh.)



(The sound of a door closing is heard. The camera cuts to Amir, who has just entered the room, with a completely blank expression.)



AMIR: Hey.



JAKE: Hey, what's up, man?--



AMIR: Where are you, man?



JAKE: ...I'm right here! You can see me, right?



AMIR: Yeyeah. I know.



JAKE: Coo'.



AMIR: Very cool.



JAKE: Okay.



AMIR: Ok.



(There is a pause in the conversation.)



AMIR: Can I hang out f--



JAKE: So I'll see you later!



AMIR: --for a little- I'll see ya!



AMIR: (holding up a peace sign) Pea'.



(Jake makes a peace sign back.)



AMIR: Say it!



JAKE: Peace out.



AMIR: (holding up a curved peace sign) Pea'.



(Jake's phone vibrates and beeps once.)



AMIR: What was that?



JAKE: My phone vibrated.



AMIR: Text, or.. email,?--



JAKE: I dunno.



AMIR: (holding up a peace sign) Pea'.



JAKE: (to Murph and Rosie) Alright, so--



AMIR: (holding up a peace sign) Arriveder... Chi?



JAKE: (to Amir) Bad joke, see ya.



(Amir holds up a peace sign one more time, then turns to leave.)



JAKE: (to Murph and Rosie) Alright, high school. Remember like the hottest girl. If you think about it now, she's like fifteen. Isn't that weird, that you were-- s- One second. (to Amir) What's up, man? What are you doing?



AMIR: (still in the room, turning to face Jake) Leaving!



JAKE: You're just standing there!



AMIR: (pointing at the door handle) This door handle is so gay.



JAKE: Turn it!



AMIR: I don't even wanna touch it!



JAKE: (to Murph and Rosie) One second. (He gets up and walks over to Amir.) Okay, what's going on, man?



AMIR: Nothing, I just wanna hang out with you and your friends.



JAKE: Come on, we'll hang out later.



AMIR: NOT later, I wanna hang out now, I'm bored now!



JAKE: (sighs) You're not going to have any fun, ok?



AMIR: I'll have fun.



JAKE: You really wanna hang out with me and my friends?



(Amir nods.)



JAKE: Just know that I don't want you there. Murph and Rosie don't want you there. (AMIR: That's fine) But if you really want to go over there you can.



AMIR: Yes, I want to.



JAKE: Ok, even though none of us want you there.



AMIR: Mmhmm. Yes.



JAKE: Alright, fine, you can go sit down, but just kno--



AMIR: Aight then MOVE! (pushing past Jake to walk over to Murph and Rosie and sit down in Jake's chair)



JAKE: There you go. Ok. (He turns around and sits next to Murph, then addresses Murph and Rosie.) Amir's gonna hand out with us for a little bit.



AMIR: (holding his arms out and smiling) uEEIHHH! (laughs)



JAKE: But he has to leave soon, because he has to get back to work--



AMIR: No! I don't work... any of that stuff. Anyway, what are you guys talking about? Trucks,--



JAKE: [We were] Talking about high school.



AMIR: (laughing) I used to make Jackass-style videos in high school.



ROSIE: Oh really? (he and Murph laugh along) Me and my friends used to do that too.



AMIR: (laughing) Yeah, lots of grocery carts to-- (laughs) One time my friend Austin tried to like longboard off the side of a house onto like an empty pool, but his like truck got caught in a shingle and he ended up, like, clipping his head on the side of the pool. (laughs)



(All but Amir go ohhhh and laugh at the black humor.)



AMIR: (laughing) Yeah he ate shit so hard that he died.



(Everyone falls silent.)



MURPH: Jesus, man!



AMIR: (stuttering) Ss- Yeah, eeayhad like, they tried to like--



JAKE: What's wrong with you?



AMIR: What?



(Murph and Rosie get up and leave.)



JAKE: Why would you tell the story like that?



AMIR: Like what?



JAKE: Like it's this really funny story, but it turns out that it's this really really tragic incident?--



AMIR: Where are you? Where are you?



JAKE: I'm right here! Ok you made my friends leave!



AMIR: Oh, your friends, yeah, two guy- two best friends, they're still right here, huh? No, they left. You know what, I would never leave this room.



JAKE: I'm gonna go. (Gets up and leaves.)



AMIR: Where are we going? I'll go!



END.

													

														INTRO:



JAKE: Hey you're watching Jake and Amir



AMIR: And you're botching Jake and Amir



JAKE: What?



AMIR: I don't know...







[Jake is sitting on the couch. Amir slides in to sit next to him at an impossible speed, and is wearing the shirt with the bloody shoulder from Zombie. He is holding a pen and a pad of sticky notes.]



AMIR: As you probably already know, my great-uncle Gryan donated $100,000 dollars to me to start a business.



JAKE: I actually didn't know that, ok DON'T start a business; let's talk, we can invest the money.



AMIR: I already invested the money, ok? I bought 10,000 stars and named them after you, so first of all, you're welcome, second of all, let's think of business ideas so that I can get my money back.



JAKE: Alright I'm actually no longer interested, thank you--



AMIR: Ok, well scht- let me rattle off some of these ideas, and then you can tell me if they have legit potential or not. Number 1:--



JAKE: Before you get started, no ideas that have anything to do with stars.



AMIR: Okay, number 4. Oh actually, number 10 then.







AMIR: So you know to pop a zit on your back you need like a really long staw (makes a straw slurping noise), and some elbow grease.



JAKE: No..







AMIR: You know how everybody and their widow is just aching to have a song written about them?



JAKE: You mean dead people?



AMIR: Yeah, well dead people have money, too.



JAKE: They actually don't.



AMIR: Do th- Oh my God, ok, so all these ideas are then a no-go..



JAKE: Yeah, look at that, you just drew a picture of a cemetery with dollar signs all over it.



AMIR: Yeah I thought it was a graveyard of money.







AMIR: So you know about Caps Lock, right?



JAKE: Yes.



AMIR: Ok, well this is Caps UNlock; yeah I'll give you all your lowercase letters, for a fee! Hehehe it's brilliant, are you kidding me it's genius!--



JAKE: Ok you just hit Caps Lock again and it all goes back to lowercase.



AMIR: You gotta be shitting me with that!







[Amir is making a silly face (hereafter dubbed his listening face)]



JAKE: You know you don't have to make that face when you listen to people.



AMIR: Well it just helps!







AMIR: Alright what's the worst part about aprons, on three, ready? One, two, three, they're too grey--



JAKE: Nothing.



AMIR: --Right, ok, nevermind.







AMIR: Alright let's say I know how to knit a sweater and you know how to speak German, so let's teach each other, let's trade our skill-sets and become more talented people.



JAKE: That's not a bad business idea.



AMIR: Well, wait 'til you hear the name of the business - Tick Dicklers



JAKE: Alright, I'm gonna pass because I assume the name is--



AMIR: Non-negotiable, that's correct.







AMIR: You know the hardest part about making toast is beating up and stealing bread from a baker.



JAKE: What?..



AMIR: WELL, ok let me finish, my business will loot that bakery and steal the bread for you.



JAKE: Ok it sounds illegal.



AMIR: Well I looked into it, ok? And it is, you're right, it is; how did you know that?







AMIR: (frustrated) AAGH I can't stand it anymore, you're so negative all the time! Stop saying no no no no no no no, think!







AMIR: (singing) It's nineteen dollars for a single one, so eat it bitches, cuz boy that's fun, I ca--



JAKE: Alright, you can't cuss in jingles.--



AMIR: Bitches is not a cuss, alright, but noted, cuz this thing does get very racy very soon--



JAKE: (reading Amir's sticky notes) Whoa, yeah!







JAKE: (reading Amir's sticky notes as he flips through them) Oh wow, more tombstones with dollar signs on 'em.



AMIR: Yea.







AMIR: (rapping) Oh sheesh y'all, it's a cream! It's a motherfuckin' icy dream, w-



JAKE: Alright what did I just say about cussing?



AMIR: Right, right, sorry.







AMIR: AAGH! That's it. One last.. little one.. gimme one more... IHATEYOU!







AMIR: (singing) It's a frigid sting that you can't stand, it's a frozen treat inside your hands--



JAKE: So it sounds like you know this is a bad idea.



AMIR: (frustrated) Yes, I do!







AMIR: (singing) It's a Popsicle, without the stick, it's melting MELTING, eat it quick, it's a frozen treat that you must hold, you--



JAKE: Right, I just think this--



AMIR: Are you interrupting because you think I'm close to done? Cuz I'm not even at the frickin' VERSE yet, man.



JAKE: Then what are you singing right now--



AMIR: Pre-chorus!



END.

													

														Amir: Hey y'all you're watching Texas-sized edition of Jake and...



Jake: Outta time



Amir: Alrighty-hoo.







Amir (sleeping, snoring)



(Jake taking a picture)



Amir: Nooo!



Jake: Yeah, ok? And just so you know, this is what it looks like when you fall asleep at work. And sorry in advance, but I'm tweeting it.



(Amir looks through Jake's phone)



Jake: Hey, c'mon, don't look through my phone, man!



Amir: Oh, wow.



Jake: Oh wow, what!? How are you surprised at something you're not supposed to be seeing?



Amir: How many fedoras did you try on!?



Jake: It's called I tried on one fedora at one store as a joke and my dumb godson saved it to my phone like 90 times.



Amir: No no, these are different fedoras, it's you at different stores.



Jake: Details Magazine says there's no cooler look than an opened up button-down, Hemp Sandals and a fedodo. Or was Jason Mraz in O2 not styling?



Amir: You look so sad in some of these pictures, man.



Jake: GQ says to get ready for the summer starting in February, that way I'm beach-ready and rock-steady and Dora like an Explora I'm rocking that fedora.



Amir: Stop, what are you doing? What do you mean?



Jake: I'm saying: if this were a sit-up competition, you'd be the one that was embarrased right now, not the other way around.



Amir: If you're embarassed by these pictures, how are you ever gonna actually wear the fedora?



Jake: I'm not gonna wear it to work, Yosemite Sam, abba-dee, abba-dee, abba-dee, I'll wear it to a club folks!



Amir: What is wrong with you?



Jake: Oh my god, you don't get sarcasm. These pictures are a goof!



Amir: No.



Jake: These pictures are of you!



Amir: No!?



Jake: Gimme my phone. That's right. Hey everybody, Amir spent every weekend for the last two months shopping for fedoras at every store he could find. J Crew, Hollister, HM, Abercrombie, Forever 21. Where else did I go? Did he go! Pacsun. C'mon, c'mon! See these embarassing pics before I tag them on Facebook.



Amir: Please do not tag them on Facebook.



Jake: Hashtag: douchebag! By the Seashore.



Murph: Haha, nice!



Jake: Here we go.



Murph: Uhm, Jake these pictures are all of you.



Jake: I was re-enacting it, dude. You gotta learn how to be funny. These pictures are of you!



(Amir's sleeping again)

													

														INTRO Jake - Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir - And I just sat in cheese! Thank you!



Jake- How? 







JAKE: Hey, who's chicaqueenvixenstyle.tumblr.com? 



AMIR: Promise not to tell?



JAKE: I already know it's you. 



AMIR: It's me. 



JAKE: I know.



AMIR: I blog under a pseudonym so that people can't really tell--



JAKE: You don't. You sign every single post Amir Valerie Blumenfeld. 



AMIR: My blog is a one stop shop for mom and pop, but don't bring dad around here. This ain't no place for dads. 



JAKE: Really bad slogan, dude. 



AMIR: That's why I barely even used it, dude. 



JAKE: It's everywhere on the front page. Like a lot. 



AMIR: Barely on there.



JAKE: Don't say barely, you're scrolling right now.  Look, I can see you counting, if you're counting then it's too many.



AMIR: It's too many. 



JAKE: These sex tips are like, really out there.



AMIR: Yeah, it's about being confident, sexy and fabulous. OK? Guys can tell, trust me. 



JAKE: This one says put a (bleep) on it (bleep)(bleep)(bleep)(bleep)(bleep) until he bleeds.



AMIR: Did you know that a praying mantis have one spouse, one spouse for their entire life. OK, we can learn a lot from that. 



JAKE: That's not true. 



AMIR: It's on the blog. 



JAKE: That doesn't make it a fact, man. I think you confuse them with penguins because right here you wrote, in all caps, penguins eat their husbands.



AMIR: OK, how about this for a true fact--



JAKE: If it's about praying mantises, I don't want to know. (pause) So it was.



AMIR: (mockingly) So you were. 



JAKE: That's not what I said. If you're going to mock me, at least listen to what--



AMIR: Praying mantises can screw for 9 hours straight, OK? It's the most tantric sex you could ever imagine and I'm just supposed to sit on my fat butt and not blog about that? Like, no, I can't, what are you tal--



JAKE: You know, I'm also realizing that a lot of your tips of the day are really mean, the same thing, and not tips. Like this one says 'my blog is the one stop shop for mom and pop, but don't bring your dad around here. This ain't no place for dads.' 



AMIR: Yeah, it's called reverse psychology, OK? I say it ain't no place for dads--



JAKE: All your other tips say 'long hair makes you look like a horse'!



AMIR: Pony tails...are for ponies. 



JAKE: Delete your blog. 



AMIR: OK, if you could just give me one bit of advice. Just one suggestion, because right now I feel like it's coming--



JAKE: It's delete the whole thing. 



AMIR: After that, all right? Next tip, OK, let's say--



JAKE: I guess the slogan. OK? It's kind of redundant to say 'dont' bring your dad around here' and then also say 'this ain't no place for dads'.  



AMIR: You just lost all your credibility like that. (attempts to snap)



JAKE: Ooo, you can't snap. 



AMIR: No, but Widely agreed that that slogan was the smartest thing I ever came up with.



JAKE: Who agreed with that?



AMIR: My friend Widely.



JAKE: Your friends have the stupidest names I've ever heard--



AMIR: YEAH, well you look like a short-haired horse! 



(blackout)



JAKE: You know, I was thinking more about your fashion blog, and maybe I could help you out by writing a column.  Maybe then people will go to it. It'll be like J-Witz talking about fedo-do's, leather bands, vests . . . 



AMIR: Nah, I'm OK. Tha--



JAKE: OK, WELL I'M NOT DONE TALKING!  . . . vests.



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0VOuvQljdE

													

														INTRO



AMIR: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, and to leave a numeric page, press 1.



JAKE: Numeric page?



AMIR: I don't know.



EPISODE



AMIR: It will just slice through this fig. It will cut through this carob. And if you don't believe me, let's do 'em both, at the same (cuts finger with knife) ti-ahh



JAKE: Sorry, man, I wan't listening.



AMIR: That's OK. (laughs) Did you see it cut the fig? And just slice through that carob?



JAKE: I did hear you cut your finger. I told you to be careful.



AMIR: You didn't? (laughs)



JAKE: I did, yes I did, I actually did.



AMIR: (simultaneously) You didn't? (laughs) You didn't? But that's OK, because you know what, a good salesman powers through. How often do you cut a steak?



JAKE: I just caught a glimpse of that cut, man, and that's really bad.



AMIR: Yeah.



JAKE: The tip of your thumb is just dangling.



AMIR: Yeah, now you know how sharp the paring knife is, right? (sucks cut) Hm, hmmm.



JAKE: Wow, that's not good enough, O.K., you can't just lick it like you're eating barbecue ribs, you have to go to the E.R.



AMIR: And you have to go to jail. O.K? Because these, these knives are a steal at any price.



JAKE: Alright, number one, why are you selling knives? O.K., you have a job, and number two, where did you get carobs and figs? And number three, you don't have a thumb. Go to the hospital.



AMIR: I don't need a thumb, O.K., 'cause I got nine fingers left, nine reasons why these will be the last knives you ever have to buy.



JAKE: Put pressure on the wound!



AMIR: Mhmm, I am, I'm gonna put pressure on the yound to snatch these up A.S.A.P. because supplies are limited.



JAKE: Stop flipping this around, O.K., you're losing a lot of blood.



AMIR: Yeah? Well you're losing the deal of a lifetime. How's that for deadly?



JAKE: O.K., how much- how much are the knives?



AMIR: Oh these knives? Sorry, these are not for sale. I'd be crazy to sell these to you.



JAKE: Don't try the stupid sales trick on me, O.K., I'll give you a hundred dollars if you'll just go take care of yourself.



AMIR: I'll take the money but you cannot get these knives. I'm sorry.



JAKE: What is going on?



AMIR: I spent a fricken g on these knives, like, an hour ago, I can't just give them to you.



JAKE: You were just trying to sell them to me!



AMIR: No, I'm trying to sell you these carobs and figs, the softest fruit you'll ever see, but you were just obsessed with the knives so I thought I'd do that for a bit before veering the argument back to carobville. Unfortunately, I got a little sliced en route, so-



JAKE: (on phone) Hi, 9-1-1? Yes, I need an ambulance.



AMIR: (to phone) You need a fig.



JAKE: Right, my coworker-



AMIR: Best friend.



JAKE: cut off his thumb. Amir, what blood type are you?



AMIR: O-positive. As in oh, I'm positive you'll need a fig and a carob when I'm done with you-



JAKE: She hung up.



AMIR: O.k., let me call her back. (reaches with bloody hand)



JAKE: Hey, ahh!



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO



Amir:  Americans are paying at the pump - 

Jake: That's a newspaper not a script.

Amir:  Whasevah.



[Jake and Amir are at their desks, Jake is taking eye drops]

Amir: [disgusted] Yek.  Let me ask you a question.  You on the good book?  The facebook?

Jake:  Yeah

Amir:  Yeah?  It's kinda like MySpace but for college kids, it's all interactive.

Jake:  Right, that's not true, I said I was on it.

Amir:  You don't think it's interactive?

Jake:  Just, what's your point?

Amir:  I'm saying these privacy settings they're completely wack.

Jake:  Meaning?

Amir:  Oh, come on, you gotta be pretty nave to think Zark Fuckerberg isn't selling our shit to Skymall for kickbacks at this point.

Jake:  Just type it all up in an email and send it to me.

Amir:  Ok, no no.  Explain to me how my account gets hacked every day.

Jake:  Sometimes I see your facebook password as you status message.

Amir:  [exasperated]  Yeah, because I think I'm logged out but I'm not, ok!?  So I'm typing it in but it's my status!

Jake:  Don't yell at me like that's not an answer to your question.

Amir:  I'm just saying that some of these privacy settings are legit anus-infested, ok?  Everybody-Like every rando with a smartphone and an AOL account could just access my pics.

Jake:  Your pics?  You have one facebook album titled 'Another Day at the Races' and there's only one photo in here and it appears to be you at a dog pound bottomless with peanut butter all over your flaccid penis, you're surrounded by ten puppies and each one of them is ignoring you. 

Amir:  I need to untag it.

Jake:  You need to delete it from the internet entirely.  Ok, you're wearing a shirt that's like eight sizes too big and it reads 'don't be offended if you're a dog lover - so am I' and the caption of the photo is 'who wants to see me get my D wet' subcaption 'you're gay if you click this' subcaption 'delete' subcaption -

Amir: [interrupts]  Subcaption!  Subcaption caption!

Jake:  [annoyed] Don't make fun of me here, ok?!  You're the idiot.  Subcaption: your facebook password.

Amir:  I thought I was logged the fuck out!

Jake:  How about this?  Just calm down, let's calm down.  Look at the groups you're a member of.

Amir:  I am calm.

Jake:  'One million strong against the new facebook,'  '10 million strong against the facebook redesign,' '100 million to say that Facebook is spying on us,' 'Amir Blumenfelds of the world unite.'  This last one, 'If one billion people join this group I'll slam my nuts in the door.'  All of them you're the only member, and this last one you uploaded the video... [clicks] It's you slamming your nuts in the door!  Why would you do that before anybody joined?

Amir:  Because I wanted to sweeten the deal!  Alright, I wanted to let people know what was in store for them if they signed up for the frickin' group!

Jake:  So you actually just went and slammed your nuts in the door?!

Amir:  Well, ah, ok, here's the thing.  I got amped up, right, I was trying to pump myself up to actually do the video one day and I said you know what, I'm ready, so I end up slamming my nuts in the door, and what am I gonna do?  Just sit on the video? No, I decided to upload it, and you know what?-

Jake: [interrupts] It has three views!

Amir:  Exactly!  And you know what?  Those three views they're probably all from a frickin' Skymall and Zark Fuckerberg he's walking around right now with massage boots over his head because it's a kickback from the frickin' mall!

													

														Jake and Amir (Bacardi Project): Obstacle Course



via Youtube (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-kGCuFm8ko)



Uploaded: January 23, 2013 



Note from video description: Originally uploaded somewhere around 2011.



Title Card: Jake and Amir's Get Together Project



Amir (voice over): Jake and Amir's Get Together Project.



[Amir is seated at his desk wearing workout clothes. Jake approaches with heavy winter clothing.]



Amir: I know what you're wondering. Why am I dressed like a champion?



Jake: Did you walk to work today?



Amir: Ooh... impressed?



Jake: It's 28 degrees outside.



Amir: Yeah, it was a little cold, but -uh- it's worth it.



Jake: Your legs turned purple.



Amir (hitting his legs): It doesn't matter. 'Cause I can't feel them. Are you ready?



Jake: To take you to a hospital?-



Amir: -To participate in my office obstacle course?



Jake: Yeah, I don't want to do that man.



Amir: Why, you're afraid you can't beat my time?



Jake: No, I'm afraid I'm not gonna get any work done to-

 What time? Time for what?



Amir: My lap time. One lap around the office hurtling over chairs to the

bathroom and back.



Jake: Yeah, I'm not worried about that. What was the time, by the way?



Amir: One minute and eight seconds



[Jake is exasperated by Amir's antics.]



Jake: That's a pretty bad idea and it's a bad time.



Amir: Yeah, well forget it.



Jake: I could beat that time.



Amir: I mean if you want I could set it up



[Jake bolts and runs]



Amir: -up and start... Okay 



[Jake runs into something offscreen.]



Jake: Oww. Time out.



[Amir runs over to Jake. Jake is on the floor after tripping on a chair. ]



Amir: You didn't let me start my watch.



Jake (defensively): Yeah it's called getting a head start.



Amir: That's against the rules.



Jake: It's against the rules to not tell me the rules before I start running. That's probably why I busted my shin dude.



Amir: How does that have anything to do with your shin?



Jake: I'm taking a minute off the final time I'm sorry. Alright you ready?



Amir: No. You can't dock-



Jake: Go!



[Jake heads off running as Amir shakes his head. Jake runs a few feet and then turns around.]



Jake: Whew. Time?



Amir: That was - you didn't do any of it. You didn't hurdle over the chairs.



You didn't run to the bathroom and back.



Jake: Yeah, that would've taken forever. What was my time?



Amir: I guess like three seconds- four seconds 



Jake (calculating in his head): Alright, three seconds minus the minute that I'm docking...that's like negative fifty-two seconds... a new record.



Amir (shaking his head): What a weird math.. No that's not right.



Jake: I don't need math, dude. Not when I'm this athletic. Give me some ice though, my shin is starting to swell right the heck up.



Amir (to camera): See the workplace doesn't have to be boring. Get together, make the day fun. What are some ways you spice up the work environment? Let us know by-



Jake: Look man, give me the ice. My shin is starting to turn not-a-good color. 



Amir: Red?



Jake: Worse, green.



Cut to title card



Amir (voice over): People let's get closer.



Jake (voice over): Join our get together project at facebook.com/bacardi

													

														Jake and Amir (Bacardi Project): Office Bowl 



via Youtube (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-4jC_P25ac)



Uploaded: January 23, 2013 



Note from video description: Originally uploaded somewhere around 2011.



Title Card: Jake and Amir's Get Together Project



Amir (voice over): Jake and Amir's Get Together Project.



[Jake and Amir are seated at their desks. Amir has a baking pan with batter in it. ]



Amir (lifting the batter): A brownie good sir?



Jake: That's not brownies. 



Amir: It's batter.



Jake: Exactly.



Amir: Here'a hint, bake something and leave it on your desk. It's a great way to meet coworkers, okay, people will be dying to taste your tasty treats.



Jake: Number one, you didn't bake anything, you made batter. And you didn't  do that good of a job.



Amir (spoons an egsshell out of the batter): Yeah, there are egshells in this for sure.



Jake: Number two, it's not a good way to meet co-workers. Alright, you look  desperate. You look needy.



Amir: How's this for desperate and needy? I'm lonely and I wanna make friends.



Jake: For desperate that's pretty good.



Amir: Okay. So what do you suggest?



Jake: I don't know. Why don't you just try talking to people? 



Amir: Uhh- no thank you.



Jake: If you don't want to talk to people, then why make the treats to begin with?



Amir: It's called eating healthy.



Jake: I's not. Look if wanna make friends at work don't just sit at your desk trying to buy their affection. Get up, have conversations, and be friendly.



Amir: Done.



[Amir begins typing furiously.]



Jake: So you're not gonna do it?



Amir: Well, I wanna see how this brownie thing plays out first.



Pat: Hi Amir-



Amir (looking at Jake): What's up Pat, old friend?



Pat: Can you throw out this batter? It's- it's really starting to smell.



Amir (to camera): Okay, how do you make friends with your coworkers. I need to know, so  leave a comment below.



Pat: I- I don't know who you're talking to, but seriously I feel very ill.



Amir: Yeah.





Cut to title card - 





Amir: People let's get closer.



Jake: Join our get together project at facebook.com/bacardi

													

														INTRO: Jake and Amir's Get Together Project



AMIR: You'll never guess who I ran into in the elevator. 



JAKE: Who?



AMIR: Guess!



JAKE: You just told me not to guess. 



AMIR: No, I said you'll never guess. 



JAKE: it's the same thing. 



AMIR: It's not. It's not even close. 



JAKE: It's at least close... Steve. 



AMIR: I don't know... what? Who's that? What's he saying?



JAKE: I don't know, a guy who works here, maybe? 



AMIR: No, I shouldn't have even had you guess. I don't even know anyone's name anyway. 



JAKE: Honestly, man? I was bluffing. I don't know anyone's name either. 



AMIR: Yeah, which makes it all the worse that I barrelled into this dude in the elevator. 



JAKE: Oh, you like literally ran into him. 



AMIR: Yeah. I mean, accidentally but like at full speed, yeah. 



JAKE: Why? 



AMIR: I didn't know his name. 



JAKE: That's not what I asked. 



AMIR: Heh. I don't even know your name. 



JAKE: Wow. 



AMIR: No. That's not it. It starts with a D, right? 



JAKE: It's Jake, you say it all the time. 



AMIR: Dude we should have a party. A get together. 



JAKE: I know what a party is. You should leave work before you ge - 



AMIR: No no no we should just introduce each other to everybody, you know, at the party? That way, we can learn everybody's names. 



JAKE: We're supposed to already know everybody's names. 



AMIR: I have an idea. 



Screen goes black. The caption "...5 minutes later" appears. After, Amir is eating a roll.  



JAKE: You really might be in trouble. What was your idea by the way, you haven't said anything. 



AMIR: Oh it's just to get this sandwich, I was hungry. 



JAKE: Gotcha.



AMIR: Ok, NOW I have an idea. 



Another "...5 minutes later" caption appears.



AMIR: Mm! Yeah! It's way better with ketchup!



JAKE: Good for you. Alright, now I have an idea. 



Another caption "...5 minutes later" appears. Afterwards, there are people standing around with "Hello my name is" nametags on. 



JAKE: Welcome to our nametag get together... Martin! 



MARTIN: What's with the nametags? 



AMIR: Oh, it's obviously a joke. We already know each other's names.



JOEL: I don't know your name. 



AMIR: Well, you're a terrible human being, Joe-f. 



JOEL: Joel. 



AMIR: Joel. Right.  







OUTRO - Amir - People! Let's get closer!



Jake - Join our get together project on facebook.com/Bacardi



Episode Link

													

														Amir: Laugh you're alive!



Jake: ...OK, anyway you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir:...alive!







Amir: OK, you know what? I don't get it. Because stay-at-home mom is the politically correct term.



Jake: Right, but you yelled Stay at home mom and you were talking to my mom.



Amir: I will never understand the..Holly shit Doobs is here!



Jake: What?



Doobs:Hello Amir



Amir: Doobs.



Jake: Doobs?



Doobs: My name is Penis Anthony Doubineux.



Jake: And the nickname you gave him to make fun of him was Doobs?



Doobs: Pretty funny right? It's like his last name but shorter.



Jake: What's he doing here?



Doobs:I, Penis Anthony Doubineux...



Jake: We heard your name.



Doobs: ...was next door neighbors with Amir while growing up. 

And although his father managed to kiss a lot of people, on the mouth...



Amir: No!



Doobs:...and move around everywhere, Amir managed to make my life a living hell.



Amir: So why are you here Doobs?



Doobs: I finally made it. Not for twenty minutes ago I have officially auditioned for a Broadway musical.



Jake: Wow, did you book it?



Doobs: We won't know for a couple of weeks, but they flat out told me, in the room: Nooo!



Jake: So you do now right now. Why did you come here?



Doobs: To tell Amir that I made it.



Jake: As what? A failed actor?



Amir: As someobody with the audacity and heart to go after what they love.



Jake: wait, why are you taking his side now?



Amir: cause he's got moxie. You know what moxie is? (Points towards his groin)This is moxie!



Jake: That's your dick!



Amir: I wish I had a fork and a knife to eat every single word I've ever spoken to you but instead all i have are this chopsticks...



Jake: How?



Amir:...so I'm just gonna eat the big words and eventually I'll shamefully ask for a spoon and scoop the small words into my mouth.



Jake: Why are you so jealous of him? You have a good job.



Amir Yeah but i don't have the nootsack to audition for a legit Broadway musical.



Jake: You've auditioned for many musicals.



Amir: Oh, Cats doesn't count.



Jake: Penis, what did you auditioned for?



Doobs: Cats!



Amir: Mhh! That hurts.



Jake: OK you know what? Maybe you guys don't hate each other because you are so different, but you, in fact, hate each other because you're actually really...



Doobs and Amir: No! No! No!



Jake: OK, alright...(Gets attacked by Doobs)

													

														INTRO



Jake - Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir - And if anybody needs a couch, just text me.



Jake - This isn't craigslist.



EPISODE



Amir - Doing an eight week boot camp at Gold's Gym.



Jake - Ok.



Amir - Six weeks in, and I haven't showed up yet.



Jake - Heheh nice, alright, I actually have to write this e-mail so...



Amir - Day one and I show up ready as a raw rack of ribs.



Jake - You just said you never showed up.



Amir - First up is a 2 mile power jog on this death machine they call a trackmill.



Jake - Treadmill.



Amir - So I use the opportunity to go for a run myself, out of the friggin gymnastium. But not before proving my worth to the instructor by picking up the biggest weight I could find... The weight to the women's locker room. Hahah.



Jake - (looks unamused)



Amir - Didn't think you'd get that. Now I actually bend down to pick up a barbell that probably grossed about 80 kilos and pop goes my weasel. My back is pulled like a pork sandwich in pot-tuckey.



Jake - I don't wanna hear the whole story man, ok. You're only on day one.



Amir - I practiced like... ok. 



Jake - Ok.



Amir - It's just that I practiced a lot you know, that story was very very memorized, and the metaphors were very tight, ok. I figured you'd appreciate it.



Jake - Well you figured so completely wrong.



Amir - Sure...so.... What now?



Jake - We work, ok. You don't have to talk to me.



Amir - It's fine.



Jake - It's fine.



Amir - ...Then I won't.... Second day's the first loser so I walk back into that nastium with my head held higher than a helium kite on the fourth planet... Martians.



Jake - You said the metaphors were tight man, that was such a stretch.



Amir - Yeah, well you said you didn't even want to hear 'em.



Jake - Exactly.



Amir - So I stopped.



Jake - And then you started again.



Amir - Let me at least rattle off the metaphors ok, not the whole story, just, you know... otherwise they weren't even worth me thinking of.



Jake - They weren't.



Amir - Flaccid as an octopus in a cowboy costume.



Jake - Bad.



Amir - Hell time at high noon day.



Jake - Not a metaphor.



Amir - Let me finish, sorry but... Hell time at high noon day. Uh, chicken-eyed like a cock nosed rooster.



Jake - So you were finished with the hell time one.



Amir - With the hell time one yeah, yeah I was.



Jake - I don't even know how chicken-eyed would even fit into the story.



Amir - And now you'll never know.



Jake - I have a feeling you're gonna tell me...



Amir - Day 12 is breathing exercises and pelvic stretching, so I'm like fff-no. Heh. Ef-no. 



Jake - Pelvic Stretches? What kind of boot camp was this?



Amir - It's a post natal baby boot camp, ok. Imagine my surprise when I find out.



Jake - I imagine you were chicken-eyed...



Amir - Yeah, I was friggin chicken-eyed like a cock nosed...



Jake - Rooster.



Amir - (makes weird face) Exactly.



Jake - You gotta stop making that face alright, please.



Amir - (drops face)



EPISODE LINK



Checklist for Episodes

													

														INTRO:



JAKE: You're watching Jake and Amir--



AMIR: Nah, stop, it's ruined.



JAKE: Yeah, you ruined it.



AMIR: Exactly!







[Jake is at his desk playing Angry Birds on his computer.]



JAKE: This is what money is. This is money now. FUUDge that!



(Amir walks up to him.)



AMIR: Ohh, hey there. Do I look more.. confident to you? That's cuz I spent all of last night at a crash Karate course.



JAKE: You look tired.



AMIR: I feel alert. (Jake throws some socks at his face, and he doesn't react.) Attack me.



JAKE: I just did.



AMIR: N-n-no I'm saying get up, and punch me in the face! If ya got the cojones, brothers!



(Jake stands up and almost punches Amir in the face, stopping his fist right before it would have hit Amir.)



AMIR: Oooh, didn't think you had the guts, Mike O'Malley! Let's go to mo!



JAKE: So you didn't learn anything.



AMIR: Alright, pretend you have a gun now.



JAKE: I'd like to go back to work.



AMIR: Just pretend you have a gun and try to shoot me in the face?



(Jake holds a finger gun up to Amir's head.)



AMIR: You don't wanna do this dance, partner! I'm afraid you're (Jake fake shoots Amir, who dodges with his head far too late) gonna be too slow on the draw--



JAKE: I shot you.



AMIR: Well try again then, because I guarantee.. this one (Jake fake shoots him again, and Amir dodges too slowly again) WON'T be as successful, didn't think so--



JAKE: You're not even doing anything to try to disarm me--



(Amir takes out a Swiss Army Knife and stabs Jake in the stomach.)



JAKE: AUGH! AAH! Oh my God!



AMIR: (singing) Take that, dancing queen...



JAKE: Oh my God I'm gonna die now! You just killed me, dude!



AMIR: Well then you shouldn't mess with the bull!



JAKE: You killed me, man...



AMIR: Cuz then you're gonna get the horns for free (he puts his fingers up by his head to make horns, and scrapes his feet on the ground like a bull about to charge). Here we go, one more time--



(David rushes to Jake's side.)



DAVID: Oh my God, Jake. Someone call 911!



(The camera zooms in on Amir, as Dancing Queen fades in with a lot of reverb.)



(The music stops, and the video cuts to Amir waking up at his desk.)



AMIR: Euh, Ja-- oh, Jake, I had the weirdest, funniest dream.



DAVID: (kneeling by Jake, who is being treated by two emergency doctors (Vikram and Cassidy).) How could you have possibly fallen asleep during all of this?



AMIR: You try teaching an all-night Karate course, alright, and see how easy it is for you to stay awake!



DAVID: You taught it?



AMIR: No, I didn't frickin'-- I'm talking about my sensei, man, that guy is a god!



END.







OUTRO:



AMIR: (crying) I think something's wrong with me, man, I think I have mono. Can one of you doctor guys, preferably the male one, look at me? I think I have a legit freaking mono right now.

													

														INTRO Amir - Hey, you're watching Jurassic Park.



Jake - Jake and Amir. 



Amir - Same difference!







(Amir is scribbling in a notebook) 



JAKE: Hey, can I ask you a question? Why are you always writing in your notebook and never on your computer?



AMIR: Can I ask you question? Stand up so I can see your jeans.



JAKE: That's not a question. Let me see your notebook.  



(Amir throws the notebook over Jake's head)



JAKE: What are you doing? (mumbled as he's getting the notebook) I ask and you throw over, you're an asshole. (back at desk) OK, 'Dear Diary--



AMIR: It's a journal. 



JAKE: You write diary! You start every entry with 'dear diary'.



AMIR: As a goof.



JAKE: On who?? You wrote, 'dear diary, Jake hasn't complimented me in a million days' which sounds like an exaggeration because two days ago in a date marked October and 40th--



AMIR: All Hallow's Eve. 



JAKE: Nope. You wrote, 'Jake complimented me today.' Which I actually don't remember. 



AMIR: Yeah! You were texting, OK? And someone said something that made you laugh, and you were smiling, and then you looked up at me and like, you know, once--



JAKE: (reading) 'once our eyes met, his smiled turned instantly into a scowl, but for that moment, he was all smiles and it was like a--



AMIR and JAKE: Dream'.



AMIR: Yeah, exactly.



JAKE: You count that as a compliment?



AMIR: Yeah! That's a win! OK, I count that as a 'W' in the old diary.



JAKE: I thought it was a journal. 



AMIR: That's a journal. (holding up a scroll) This is a diary. 



JAKE: That's a scroll. Let me see your backpack. 



(Amir tosses Jake his backpack)



JAKE: Yeah. This is just filled with notebooks and scrolls. 



AMIR: Dinner tonight?



JAKE: Wow, please don't start saying that again. 



AMIR: I barely say it anymore!



JAKE: You used to say it all the time. 



AMIR: Exactly, and that's why it's funny to do that. 



JAKE: What?



AMIR: You say stuff over and over, OK? That's what makes it funny.



JAKE: Yeah but it gets old and repetitive. 



AMIR: No, no-



JAKE: You have to change it up a little.



AMIR: No, no! In a perfect world, everything would always stay the same. OK, nothing would ever change, you know that. 



JAKE: Wow, yeah, you wrote that in your diary. 



AMIR: Journal. 



JAKE: No! This was on the scroll!



AMIR: OK, we're still a go-ies(?) then? 



JAKE: Oh my god. 



AMIR: Just give me my old scroll bag backpack back, please. 



THE END.



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2NwVm0lS1m0

													

														Jake:Give me my cereal



Amir:Yea! (claps)

													

														Amir: Hey, you're watching comedy history being made....



Jake: Stick to the script!



Amir: Jake and Amir, then.







Amir: [Talking to himself] Hahahaha ow! Mmm, fuck me in my goat ass. [To Jake] Another day at the races!



Jake: Gotta stop saying that man, what happened to you?



Amir: My snake frickin', clipped me or something.



Jake: Yeah, it looks like it did clip you.



Amir: Yeah went right for the jugular too, smug prick. Got me once in the neck, twice in the forearm, and then like two more times in the abdomen.



Jake: So not right in the jugular, right? Why were you fighting a snake?



Amir: I didn't feed the prick for like, two weeks 'cause she was being a bitch. Then I decided to start taunting her, you know, dancing around with dead mice all over my body. Dumb ass went for it! And got it!



Jake: Sounds like you're the prick and the bitch because you're starving a snake. You're also the dumbass because you're dancing around a hungry snake with mice all over your body.



Amir: So you're saying I'm dumber than a snake?



Jake: I wasn't saying that, but yeah, for the record I do think you're dumber than a snake.



Amir: OK you should have been there man, Leron was dying!



Jake: He was laughing at you?



Amir: No he was legit dying, like he got bit by a snake last week but he was like too cool to go to the hospital....



Jake: Was it a snake or your snake?



Amir: It's my snake now because I liked her feistiness, OK? But it was a snake at the time. I thought I could tame the wild beast. Turns out.... I could!



Jake: No it turns out you couldn't, cause remember it clipped you? This morning? Like six times?



Amir: Mmhmm....



Jake: OK you shouldn't own pets man, you can barely keep yourself alive.



Amir: OK don't tell me I shouldn't own pets, I've had like, ten owls in the past year. 



Jake: What happened to them?



Amir: They're frickin' dead! [Hoot] gives a shit?



[Jake turns away and goes back to looking at his computer]



Amir: Hoot.... gives a shit! Come on man!



[Jake continues to ignore him]



Amir: Just so you know, this silent treatment isn't winning! Haha! Ow! [No response from Jake] Come on man! That's gold, and you're not even cracking a smile!



Jake: [Miming saying the words] I can't hear you.



Amir: What?



Jake: [Still miming] Can't hear you.



Amir: Oh my god.... I think I just turned deaf.



[Jake mimes yelling]



Amir: Yeah, I can't.... [bangs on desk] I can only hear noises and me, but not you. [Clapping] Like, I can't even tell if I can even hear this or just feel it....



Pat: Shut up!



Amir: You shut up, OK? For the rest of my life all I can hear is noises, and you! Do you realize how doomed I am?



Jake: [Out loud] You're not deaf!



Amir: [Picking up open backpack with hissing snake inside] Haha, you hear that you little serpent slut? I'm not deaf!



Jake: You keep it in your backpack?



Amir: [holding on to snake, which is lunging and striking at him] Haha OK, whoa! Little bitch nicked me!

													

														[INTRO]



Jake: You're



Amir: watching



Jake: Jake



[PAUSE]



Jake: That was your cue!



Amir: I know!







Karen: So, Community Service Day is just two months away--



Amir: [interrupting] Great! So, we'll see you in a month, like... what?



Karen: Well... uh, we still haven't firmed up any locations.



Amir: I told you three months ago I was on it.



Karen: I know, but the last time I emailed you for a status update, you sent me a video of a monkey who smells his hand and faints.



Amir: Yeah. That's because he farted in it.



Mark: [laughing]



Amir: That's funny to you?!



Mark: Isn't it supposed to be?



Amir: Am I excused, like...?



Jake: We haven't gotten anywhere yet.



Karen: Last time we spoke, you said an elephant ride was doable, as a carnival for young kids.



Amir: Right. And I stand by that.



Mark: My brother-in-law and I have devised a way to steal large animals from circuses and zoos. If you're really certain about this, I can get you an elephant.



Amir: Dead or alive?



Jake: Alive! Alive, right? Don't do it. But if you do: Alive.



Mark: I-I-I-I have to make a call. I'm not sure if I can make this alive thing happen.



Karen: What about the mural?



Amir: What ABOUT the mural, Kare?



Jake: Will you please not snap at Karen?



Karen: You said you had been able to procure--



Amir: [interrupting] Yeah, a 200 foot by 10 foot concrete wall -- blank as the night -- ready to be painted by the imaginative fingers of today's youth.



Karen: And?



Amir: And... I was able to... get one twice as big.



Karen: [gasping in surprise]



Amir: So... double the kids... on that... Karen.



Karen: They are going to be so happy!



Jake: He just winked at me, but even if he didn't, I doubt he could have gotten a wall like that.



Amir: NARC!



Karen: Well, uh... what about snacks? People are going to be hungry.



Mark: How does two tons of wet elephant meat sound?



Jake: It doesn't sound good, Mark.



Mark: I don't want to say how or why, but I have recently come into a surplus of elephant meat.



Jake: We know how.



Mark: I certainly can't eat all of it -- trust me on that!



Amir: What about music, okay? Some phat beats, dope rhymes, things like--



Jake: [interrupting] I'll take care of the music.



Amir: I can freestyle for about two and half hours straight. Make your face leak underneath... all that stuff--



Jake: [interrupting] You couldn't freestyle for like ten seconds just now--



Amir: [interrupting] I'm going to get a CD! A frickin' mix cassette tape -- how does that sound for a freestyle?



Jake: Those sound like two different things! I'll get a DJ, okay?



Mark: Alright. Can we go?



Amir: You can go... to jail! For killing and de-tusking an elephant. I mean, how long are we going to stand idly by--



Mark: [interrupting and getting out of his chair to approach Amir] I didn't touch a single tusk! [strangling Amir] Not one tusk!



Jake: Hey!



Amir: Okay, Karen...?



Jake: Come on, Mark!



Amir: Karen! I have your wall! I have your wall, Karen!



Jake: Karen! Karen! Karen!



Karen: No! No!



[END]

													

														Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: With no hands, bitches!



Jake: What?



Amir: I don't know...







[Amir arrives in a suit with a corsage, sits at his desk, sighs, and chuckles.]



Amir: I gotta cut out early today...



Jake: It's 4:50, and you just showed up for the first time.



Amir: Yeah, well, I gotta go to prom.



Jake: No, you don't.



Amir: Oh my god. You sound just like her dad.



Jake: Whose dad?



Amir: The girl that refused to go with me.



Jake: You're a bad person.



Amir: Yeah, so me and my boys [Amir makes air quotes.] rented a limo (pronounced lie-mo). We're gonna go... stag. (chuckles)



Jake: Why the air quotes?



Amir: That's when you go alone, without a date, but



Jake: I know what stag is; you did air quotes over my boys.



Amir: 'Cause none of those douches ponied up the dough yet, all right? And they all said no to me. It's like, I'm doing all the leg work; the least they could do is not yell at me.



Jake: Gotcha, so it sounds like you're going to prom completely alone.



Amir: Nah, I'm gonna go with Mickey, my friend. (chuckles) Goal of the prom is to pour a gallon of milk on the bitch that refused this hand.



Jake: Why milk?



Amir: (leaning in closer) Okay, get this, poetic justice...



Jake: Don't whisper to me, okay? I don't wanna know your secrets.



Amir: Couple of weeks ago, a few of her friends beat the shit out of me.



Jake: So you got your ass kicked by a bunch of highschoolers.



Amir: Not a bunch! Okay, just two sluts that wouldn't take Please, I'm sorry! for an answer. (chuckles) They pushed me into a cow. Dodged a bullet there...



Jake: Okay, why the corsage?



Amir: What?



Jake: The corsage?



Amir: (grabs corsage) Okay, is there an answer I could give that wouldn't result in you hating me more?



Jake: I guess you could say this corsage is for an unfortunate kid who couldn't afford a gift for his date, and the only reason I'm in a tuxedo is because I rented a limo and I'm gonna take them to prom myself.



Amir: (pause, quiet, shaking head) ...No.



Jake: I didn't think so.



Amir: Yeah, it's, like, not even close to that...



Jake: I know.



Amir: I was gonna put this corsage on her milk-soaked wrist and plug away at her fingers like they're little udders, while the whole school hopefully chants, Moo, cow, moo! Moo, cow, moo! Moo, cow, moo!



Jake: All right, dinner tonight?



Amir: What?



Jake: Just you and me, dinner... skip the prom.



Amir: (pause) Okay.



Jake: All right, great!



Amir: ...I just have to, like, swing by for, like, [Jake: No!] twenty seconds, [Jake: I'm saying... We'll skip it!] to go into the prom for, like, a little bit! [Jake: Itno, why?] We're gonna go [Jake: Why?] for half a second! [Jake: Why? I said!] To pour a gallon of milk on the bitch; I still wanna do that!



Jake: That's exactly what I'm trying to avoid.



Amir: It's too late, okay; I already have the whole thing pretty much planned out.



Jake: Okay, well, if it's only planned out pretty much, then it's not too late.



Amir: (grabbing cell phone) Oh! Speak of the devil! (talking on phone) Hey bitch! (chuckles) Hey, I hope you're not lactose intolerant'cause you're getting milked tonight! (chuckles) Good! No, good, put him on. (talking to dad) Hey sir. Hi, yes, uh, your daughter is a nobody at high school. I'm friends with Dylan, okay? I know what's cool. He wears frickin' sunglasses to class. Yeah! No, I'm in the cool group, and we all agree that your daughter is a zero. She's less than a zero, and guess what? She's gonna wake up with cheese in her ears tomorrow morning, which ain't gonna help the situation. (chuckles) Y'know what, good, call the cops. I just won't show up then. (chuckles) Actually... can you not, because I wanted to show up and do the milkwell, I don't wanna get arrested! So now I can't goI dropped a G on this frickin' tux, sir! This was supposed to be the most magical night of my life, and you're basically telling me notthat I can't go, because I'mokay. Great. Bye. (hangs up) Yeah, my night just opened up hard, so we can hang out. I might wanna call in a bomb threat though, y'know; if the fuzz are gonna be there, we might as well frickin' make them earn their keep.







Amir: (talking on phone) Ah, Mickey, my friend! (laughs) Good news, sir! There was no traffic, and I am there early! Come outside. That body you're about to see hanging out of a stretch Hummerzine? That is me, my friend! That is all me. (laughs) Can you see me? I'm waving my hands, Mickey! Nah, you can't see me, because I'm not there, Mickey. I got stood up to prom, Mickey, and now you are too! Yeah, Operash Milk? That's a no-go. I don't cI don't know, man; you spent two weeks on a dairy farm. (laughing) That's not my problem anymore! That's your milk, your problem, Mickey! The operash is a no-go like I said, Mickey. All right, I'm just kidding; come outside'CAUSE I'M NOT THERE.



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO



JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



AMIR: No big deal.



JAKE: It's not.



AMIR: Then I was right.







(Jake is standing next to Hudson River, taking picture with phone. Amir approaches.)



AMIR: Can't photograph this moment. This is the kind of moment you just have to be in.



JAKE: You know what? You're right. (puts away phone)



(pause)



AMIR: We get so concerned about finding the right picture, the right frame that (pause) we don't get the right memory.



JAKE: Okay.



(pause)



AMIR: 'Cause a moment is just that. It's a moment and then it's a second and as soon as you identify it it's over. So... 'Cause you can look at the sun (simultaneously) and you can say-



JAKE: (simultaneously) This is really nice.



AMIR: What?



JAKE: I'm saying it's really nice.



AMIR: I know and I'm just saying not to take today for granted. 



JAKE: I won't.



AMIR: 'Cause if you do (simultaneously) then it's just gonna slip awa- okay.



JAKE: (simultaneously) Well I said I wan't going to. I'm not going to so don't tell me what the repercussions are 'cause they don't matter.



AMIR: I'm just saying that if you do-



JAKE: I don't need to know the repercussions. 



AMIR: Okay, but if you do, if you take today for granted, then you shouldn't, because it's just gonna slip away.



JAKE: Fine. Fine. Alright, why did you insist on telling me? You know, you ever think about this? Maybe you're ruining the moment by talking through it.



AMIR: I don't care.



JAKE: Alright. (walks away)



AMIR: (follows jake) Another thing about the sun is that you can't stare at it 'cause it's too beautiful to take in.



JAKE: It's too bright.



AMIR: Nah, it's too much beauty for your eyes all at once.



JAKE: It's too bright. Okay, let's just enjoy this moment in silence.



AMIR: That's what I said. 



JAKE: I know, I was agreeing with you.



AMIR: Okay. Just don't steal it from me.



JAKE: I'm not stealing it. (simultaneously) Agreed. I said that I agreed.



AMIR: (simultaneously) You're stealing it 'cause I said it and now you're saying- Just give me your phone.



JAKE: No. Alright?



AMIR: Give me your phone!



JAKE: Why do you want to see my phone?



AMIR: Because I wanna take a twit-pic of this.



JAKE: Okay, well you came over here and you told me that taking pictures was bad, to stay in the moment.



AMIR: That's 'cause I didn't see how cool it looked and now that I see how awesome it is I really want it on my Facebook wall. Okay, I really wanna take a picture (simultaneously) then post it online, otherwise it doesn't exist. No, gimme! (grabbing phone) Gimme your phone!



JAKE: (simultaneously) Well use your own phone, okay, you followed me here, you followed- (Amir grabs at phone) I- I- Get off me! Ow, ow, ow, Amir, listen- Fine, take it! God, what are you- (Amir throws phone into river)



AMIR: Okay? Are you happy? Disconnect, bitch! Sign off. Get away from the grid. It's over. You are so mad because- Oh my- I'm taking a picture of that. I am (taking selfie) taking a picture, me and the grump. (laughs) Tweeting it, hashtag douche doesn't know how to disconnect. (Jake leaves) Whatsoeva. Where are you? (following Jake) Another thing about the sun...



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														[Intro]



JAKE: Hey you're watching Jake and Amir.

AMIR: Washing Jake and Amir?

JAKE: I said watching.

AMIR: What is? The shower?







[Amir talking to Murph and David]



MURPH: He said uhm, Pat just lost control of the longboard and then the Camry came out of nowhere...



AMIR: Two-door or four-door?



DAVID [to Amir]: You're missing the point.



[Jake walks over to group, singing]



JAKE: You guys gotta learn how to be funny. You gotta learn how to be [unzips jacket to reveal new shirt that says "You gotta learn how to be funny"] funny.



AMIR: Oh no! 



JAKE: Oh yeah!



DAVID: Jake, Pat was in a serious car accident, so...



JAKE: Did the other driver need to learn how to be funny? [Unzips jacket again, only gets an enthusiastic response from Amir, rezips jacket looking disappointed.]



MURPH: What?



JAKE: I asked if he was okay. I said, "is Pat okay?" and then you guys stared at me like I was Great Caesar's ghost.



DAVID: His brothers are at the hospital right now but uhm...



JAKE: But uhm Busted Tees.



DAVID: What?



JAKE: I said it's great that his family is there. That's really important you know to be there for him but you can buy the funny shirt at Busted Tees and that's, we're done talking about it.  His life is hanging by a thread. Speaking of threads [unzips jacket again]



AMIR: I will buy one.



JAKE: That's one! Can I get another? Can I get another? To the highest bidder.



AMIR: Me.



JAKE: Not the time



AMIR: Okay.



JAKE: Not the time. Not right now. Email me later about the shirts. 



AMIR: I'll buy the shirt right now.



JAKE: I hate to say this, honestly, but Amir's the only one not being a butt hound right now. 



DAVID: Okay, calm down.



JAKE: I am calm, all right. I'm pissed! Some drunk driving f-wad killed our friend.  Is he gonna be fine or what?



DAVID: He's not gonna be fine, but he's not dead. 



JAKE: If he's not dead then why are we stressed out, okay? 



AMIR: Thank you.



DAVID: He may not walk again.



JAKE: Oh my God then I have the perfect thing for him.  It's called a t-shirt and you don't need legs to wear one.  All you need to do is...



AMIR: You gotta learn how to be funny



JAKE: HAHA don't. All right? You're not exactly great at bringing street cred to things. 



DAVID: Okay, I think you should go home. Both of you should go home.



AMIR: Jake, let's go, he's right



JAKE: No trust me man, I'd love to go home. I would love to. But then you guys would guaranteed stop talking about the shirts.



AMIR: That's true



[Murph's phone rings]



JAKE: Don't pick that up man, we're in the middle of talking. 



MURPH: It's Pat's brother.



JAKE: Oh my god you can call him back.  Does your phone have caller ID?



MURPH: Yeah. It's a cell phone.  Every cell phone has caller ID.



AMIR: Mine doesn't.



JAKE: His doesn't. All right, look, don't pick that up 'cause you're about to be a douche...



[Murph picks up phone]



MURPH: Hello?



JAKE: Bag! Ballsy move.



MURPH: Okay guys, Pat's gonna be all right. 



[David sighs in relief]



JAKE: Well lah de fricken [fart noise with mouth]



[Amir laughs]



JAKE: I was hit by a bus this morning and you guys haven't said anything, all right? Sorry I'm not a poondoggle about it.



Link to video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gi1eqtCVYl8

													

														INTRO



JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Ami- Ow! You stabbed me!



AMIR: In the hand...



JAKE: Yeah!







(Jake is reading Amir's screenplay)



AMIR: So?



JAKE: So I read it.



AMIR: Took you long enough.



JAKE: It's over 400 pages.



AMIR: Yeah, most of that is scene direction, though-



JAKE: -Which makes it longer.



AMIR: Enough talk. What'd you think?



JAKE: Sounds like you still want to be talking then.



AMIR: What did you think?



JAKE: That you shouldn't write screenplays anymore.



AMIR: Give me one thing, okay? Give me one thing to hone in on. It's so broad.



JAKE: I'm not going to give you one thing. You always want one thing.There are thousands of screenplay rules, right? And I can't imagine one of them that you didn't break.



AMIR: Just try to focus all your energy, like a laser, on one thing, yeah.



JAKE: Stop saying like you want one thing, like you only could've made one mistake. You made a lot of mistakes.



AMIR: Focus it. Focus in on one.



JAKE: Okay, the first mistake you could've made: your title is F*ck It: I'm Going Fishing Instead.



AMIR: Wow! Congrats, grad! You can read.



JAKE: Don't get defensive so early, okay? I mean, I read the whole thing, didn't I? And page 96 to 311 is one long, unbroken run-on sentence about how your main character, Brake Obama - a name I assume you spelled incorrectly-



AMIR: -Probably autocorrected...



JAKE: I doubt it. About how Brake Obama either needs to show his birth certificate or resign as mayor.



AMIR: That impostor is from Hawaii, I guarantee it.



JAKE: Okay, that's true.



AMIR: Maybe you'll be singing a different tune when you realize who we were thinking of for the male lead.



JAKE: Another thing: all of your scene headings say Interior: I don't give a flaming fuck.



AMIR: Edward frickin' Nort.



JAKE: Norton.



AMIR: No, my cousin's lawyer, Edward Nort.



JAKE: You know, I don't even think you need an actor because there's only one line of dialogue. It comes on page 299, and I think it's a typo because the main character says, Interior: I don't give a flaming fuck.



AMIR: You should've heard Mr. Nort deliver that line. He nailed it in callbacks.



JAKE: Okay, how about this: I'll shred the entire thing and as a favor to you, I will never bring it up again.



AMIR: So basically, you're jealous 'cause we didn't cast you as the main guy.



JAKE: Okay, I'm not jealous, alright? I don't give a shit.



AMIR: You're not annoyed we went with Nort over you?



JAKE: I would've loved at least an opportunity to make callbacks, to know I was seriously considered.



AMIR: You were seriously considered. You were!



JAKE: Oh, bullshit!



AMIR: Yes!



JAKE: You dragged my ass in there as a dog and pony show, alright? You had Nort and I from day one and you put in there to light a fire under Nort's agent's ass. Well guess what? (gets serious) Interior: I don't give a flaming fuck-



AMIR: -Bad!



JAKE: That was not bad! That was good! Nort's bad. Here we go, southern twang! (in southern accent) Interior-



AMIR: -No.



JAKE: I don't give a- Don't say No while I'm talking, okay? Let me finish! It's gonna sound bad if you say No while I'm trying to do it. Listen! (in southern accent) Interior: I don't give a flaming fuck.



AMIR: No.

													

														INTRO



AMIR: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!



JAKE: Okay, open the door! He farted in the booth.



AMIR: Lock the door, please.







[Jake and Amir are away from their desks. Jake has a sandwich. Amir is staring intently at him. Jake takes a bite. Amir keeps staring.]



JAKE: Do you want half of my sandwich?



[Amir shakes his head.]



JAKE: Okay, well, don't ask me to eat lunch with you if you don't have any food, at all. I keep telling you--



[Jake begins choking on a piece of sandwich.]



AMIR: You keep on telling me to [imitates choking noises]? Heheh, what is that?



[Amir chuckles as Jake struggles to breathe.]



AMIR: Heheheh! Come on, laugh! That's funny. I laugh at all your jokes, and trust me: they are not all winners.



[Jake is holding his throat, and still having trouble breathing.]



AMIR: Okay, what is this? [Amir copies the gesture Jake is making.] I never studied the universal symbols for stuff.



[Jake tries to respond, but can't.]



AMIR: How 'bout this: If you're really choking, spin around in your chair.



[Jake frantically spins around, then looks at Amir intently.]



AMIR: Nahhh. Not buying that! Not buying that at all. That's a fake spin; you're just spinning to make it seem like you're choking because I told you to spin.



[David comes in.]



DAVID: Jake's choking!



AMIR: No no, this is just a game we're playing, okay? And you're not invited. So leave.



[As David leaves, Jake claws at the air in an attempt to get his attention.]



AMIR: Sorry, it's just that if this isn't a goof, it should be me that saves you, not some... other loser, alright? Amir saves Jake. That's... that's the lead.



[Jake falls out of his chair. He slumps to the floor and stops moving entirely. Amir just shakes his head. Then Amir slides Jake's sandwich toward himself.]



AMIR: I'm gonna eat your sandwich... so if you're alive... better stop me...



[Jake lies motionless on the floor. Amir begins eating his sandwich.]



AMIR: Okay... great acting job. The best Actor... -Grammy... goes to... you! [pause] You didn't laugh at any of my jokes... and now I'm not gonna save yours. [pause] Um... [pause] Ummm... [impersonating Trump] You're fired! [pause] Hm. Wow... you know, I gotta hand it to you, man... didn't think you'd take it this far! Hm. Aah!



[Amir throws the bread from the sandwich at Jake.]



AMIR: You know what? Now I wish you are alive, because if you're dead, people are gonna blame me... and you're gonna feel... like a pony. [pause] Okay! This has been a dope lunch, thank you, but I don't deserve this star-treatment. So.



[Amir leaves Jake alone. Jake lies motionless on the floor. The only sounds are background noises of the office. Then Jake sits up.]



JAKE: Come on, did that really not look real?







END

													

														INTRO



AMIR: (monotone) Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



JAKE: A little more effort, right?



AMIR: Nah.







(Everyone walks in laughing and eating ice cream, except for Amir, who's at his desk)



AMIR: (fake laughter) That was the best! Are you guys laughing 'cause you're about to get fired?



JAKE: Why would we be laughing if that were the case?



AMIR: I don't know, why'd you cut out at 3:30 to go get ice cream?



JAKE: There's an ice cream truck downstairs. We were gone for like, fifteen minutes.



AMIR: Uh, actually, my dear Watson, it was twelve.



JAKE: So it was less than I thought. It's the first nice day of the year and - No! No. I don't have to justify this to you.



AMIR: No, you don't have to justify it to me. You do have to justify it to your boss, though. (points to his computer) Don't you?



JAKE: (looking at Amir's computer) What are these?



AMIR: Thirty three emails sent from your account to Ricky, your boss. Shame you weren't here to stop me. Oh wait, I forgot. You're in a corn maze!



JAKE: You actually did forget; we were getting ice cream. (reading email) Dear Ricky, I don't value my job as much as I do that sweet, sweet cream.



AMIR: Yeah, and then he responds as the Donald, Ya fired.



JAKE: No, he didn't respond. You emailed him again, and you said, Do you want your letter of resignation in a waffle cone or a waffle bowl, sir? Or is it easier if I just blend it up in a soy vanilla frappuccino?



AMIR: Yeah, cream on the side.



JAKE: Didn't write that.



AMIR: And mixed in.



JAKE: Didn't write that.



AMIR: I just thought of it two seconds ago. Otherwise I would've written it. But now, Ricky gets the hit and he's livid.



JAKE: No, that's when you finally got his auto-response. He's on vacation for the week, and you responded to that, What a quinky-doink, I'm also on vacation as I've mentally checked the f*ck out twelve minutes ago and went deep in that cream, cream county, and you know what? It is sweet. It tastes like never working in this town again.



AMIR: For a thousand Gs, I will un-send that email.



JAKE: You can't do that. It looks like you started back-tracking anyways, 'cause this email reads: Sir, forgive me for getting ice cream, I value this job.



AMIR: Yeah, keep reading. It gets brat-worse.



JAKE: No, it doesn't, it looks like you come clean in the next email; you write, You've just been had, this was an Amir Blumenfeld prank-duction. You shoulda seen the look on your face.



AMIR: You looked like a friggin dildo baggins!



JAKE: You didn't write that.



AMIR: I just thought of it! Everything that I'm saying now, I just thought of so it's not in the emails.



JAKE: Okay, well I'm just saying you didn't add it. Okay, well you went on; you said, Please, please, please open up Photobooth and take a picture of your mug right now and send it to me, and I wanna see what a legit dildo baggins you must look alike, sir.



AMIR: Alright, are we done here?



JAKE: So it looks like you didn't just think of the dildo baggins-



AMIR: (raising voice) Are we done here?



JAKE: Where are you going?



AMIR: I'm cutting out early, okay? It's the first nice day of the year, and you expect me to spend it indoors? No! I'm going home!



JAKE: So it sounds like you're still going to be indoors.



AMIR: (takes a bite of a co-worker's ice cream) Woo! Lactose intolerant since '94 baby! I'm gonna puke!

													

														[Jake and Amir are sitting at a table. Jake is addressing his laptops webcam; Amir is focused on using the laptop.]



JAKE: (to the camera) Hey everybody, we just wanted to say thank you very much for becoming a fan--



AMIR: (to Jake) Hold on a second, its not-- its not--



JAKE: --of Jake and Amir on Facebook.



AMIR: Hold ON a second, its not recording yet.



JAKE: YOU hold on a second, it IS recording.



AMIR: Youre wasting your frickin breath, man; its not recording.--



JAKE: We just reached two hundred thousand Facebook fans, and were really excited, and really really grateful, so thank you.



AMIR: (quietly) Really excited and real- thatd be good, lemme wait til we record and then you can--



JAKE: Were recording, what do you think s--



AMIR: Im not recording yet!



JAKE: (pointing at the screen) Do you see this, this counter?--



AMIR: (moving Jakes arm away from the screen) Dont touch it! Ok--



JAKE: Do you see the counter going up? What do you think that is?



AMIR: I thi-- Is it the time of day?



JAKE: Yes, its twenty-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine oclock, thirty oclock,--



AMIR: Then we gotta frickin go, ok because (JAKE: Press stop!) I have to be home by thirty-five-- dont touch it!



JAKE: This is my computer!



AMIR: Ok I found it I found it I found it, ready? Im gonna hit the record square.



JAKE: Yep.



AMIR: Three, two, one, and.. (to the camera) THANK--



END.

													

														INTRO Amir - Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. 



Jake - Hey, you're drooling a little. 



Amir - A little bit. 



Jake - Actually a lot. 



Amir - Yeah. 







(Emily is sat by Amir at his desk, Jake approaches his desk) 



EMILY: I need some more money.



AMIR: I know.



EMILY: Like--



AMIR: Yeah. Yes, yes. (to Jake) Oh, Jake! (chuckles) Emily meet Jake, Jake meet my daughter, Emily. 



JAKE: OK, I'm going to work from home today. (calling out) If anybody needs me, I'm going to be on e-mail and Facebook chat. 



AMIR: Hey, hey, hey, hey. My daughter came in today. Do us the courtesy. 



JAKE: OK, Emily it's nice to meet you and I'm sorry, no offense, but I just don't want to--



AMIR: Yo, yo bro. Eyes up here, OK? She's underage. 



JAKE: I was looking at you. 



AMIR: Yeah, well she's nineteen so.



JAKE: OK, well then she's not underage. 



AMIR: She's under your age. She's under your age.



JAKE: That's not what that means though. 



AMIR: You pervert, justifying it to me like I'm a judge. 



JAKE: Shut up! How do you have a nineteen year old daughter? 



AMIR: Trust me. You don't want to know. (chuckles)



JAKE: You know what? You're probably right. So I actually don't--



AMIR: I walked into a sperm bank when I was nine--



(over Amir)



JAKE: I thought we just agreed that we're going to--



AMIR: --ready to go 'cause, 'cause--



JAKE: --No! 



AMIR: --cause I was strapped--



JAKE: Stop talking!



AMIR: 'cause--



JAKE: I don't want to know. 



AMIR: I was strapped for cash. (just Amir) And my illegal guardian was being a douche. 



JAKE: They cannot possibly allow a nine year old to donate sperm.



AMIR: They don't. That's why I tried to adopt this dumb-ass orphan on a whim. Ready for the rub?



JAKE: No! You know what? I'm not. And by the way, I just looked it up on my work calendar on my phone, it's not Bring-Your-Daughter-To-Work Day. 



AMIR: I'm trying to get her a freaking externship, OK? Do you realize how hard that is? Sorry for caring.



JAKE: You don't care. You just called her a dumb-ass orphan to her face. 



AMIR: So anyway, I tried to adopt this dumb-ass orphan--



JAKE: Again.



AMIR: --but they wouldn't let nine year olds do that either. 



JAKE: So how is she your daughter?



AMIR: I just met her at the freaking mall outside of a Hotdog-On-A-Stick and she called me 'daddy', demanding that I buy her lunch and take her and her friends on a six day shopping spree.  



JAKE: Gotcha, so she's not your daughter, she's a con-artist. 



EMILY: Wait, you keep your work calendar on your phone? 



JAKE: Yeah. 



EMILY: What a dork! 



(they laugh)



AMIR: Emily go to your room! (Emily gets up to leave) Sorry about that, I shouldn't have yelled. (hands her money) Go get yourself a Jamba Juice, can I have a peanut butter mood, please? Thank you. (Emily exits) She is a burden but she means well. 



JAKE: No, she doesn't. 



AMIR: Talk about my daughter again like that and I will end you. I will break your neck!



STREETER: (with a funny accent) Oh, oh, oh! Who's talking about my niece like that?!



AMIR: Jake.



JAKE: You guys aren't brothers. 



STREETER: I'LL BREAK YOUR F**KING NECK! 



AMIR: He'll break your neck.



JAKE: (to Streeter) Why are you talking like that? 



AMIR: 'Cause your neck is broken, my friend. 



STREETER: Already broken. 



AMIR: It's already broken--



JAKE: What are you talking about? 



AMIR: When your neck is broken, you hear accents. 



JAKE: You hear his accent. 



AMIR: I hear his accent because my neck it broken. I broke it on the way to work today. 



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPPWBX3A5eo

													

														INTRO Amir - (in German accent) Hi, you're watching Jake and Amir in Germany. 



Jake - OK.



Amir - The governator. 



Jake - Yup.







(Amir and Jake are at a gym, on treadmills)



AMIR: All right, tell me the point of this again.



JAKE: There's is no point, OK? You followed me here. I begged you to leave, you're not even a member. 







AMIR: Yeah, I'm staying in shape. Round. (chuckles) OK, but when Roseanne Barr says it, you crack up.



JAKE: No, I didn't.



AMIR: I did! I did, OK? I laughed my head off.







AMIR: You're not running, you're--



JAKE: I'm power-walking.  It's better for you.  Good for your core, and it burns more calories.  



AMIR: More calories than running?



JAKE: No, than sitting. 







AMIR: Check it.  Half the effort, twice the reward. 



JAKE: Looks like none of the effort, your legs are just split over the treadmill. 



AMIR: Yeah, well according to this machine, I've already burned 310 calories, so...twinkie time! 



JAKE: That's a hotdog. 



AMIR: It's cream filled!







JAKE: Twelve miles per hour, huh? Slow down! 



AMIR: I don't slow down, I speed up, and when I look at you, I throw up. 







(Amir throwing up)



AMIR: That is a death machine, man. 







AMIR: What's your record for longest treadmill run?



JAKE: It's only 2 miles, but I usually do other stuff for cardio like kickboxing or zumba. 



AMIR: Zumba?



JAKE: Kickboxing, I said. (slaps Amir's chest) Ooo...nut shot!







AMIR: Check it out. Walking backwards.



JAKE: Yeah, well it's not that impressive because you're going really slow. 



AMIR: Yeah, well I'll FALL IF IT GOES ANY FASTER!



JAKE: Shhh! Shhh! (steps off his treadmill and over to Amir) You have to be quiet, OK?



AMIR: I'm going to!



JAKE: Shut up. Amir, I'm stopping the machine--



AMIR: I'm goo--



JAKE: I'm stopping the machine.







AMIR: Want a sip?



JAKE: Is that soda?



AMIR: Better! It's an experimental energy drink that my cousin Leron is trying to copyright called 'lazer'.  It's like fifty hour energy, WOO!



JAKE: What's in it? 



AMIR: He basically boils down like a case of soda pop down to its corn syrup, then he adds sugar in the raw--



JAKE: No, thank you. 



AMIR: OK, well let me FINISH--with the ingredient list, sorry but you sound like the frickin' FDA.







JAKE: You know, I can tell you're not running.



AMIR: Yes, but can the ladies tell?



JAKE: Yup. A girl just came over here and said that if you're not going to use the treadmill then she wants to get on. 



AMIR: OK, I'm sorry, but she was a fat bitch. 







AMIR: Then he takes candy corn and melts it down to the raw, and a bottle of Aunt Jemima's maple syrup and melts it down to the raw.  Then he takes one of those big lollipops, that you can only get at Disney Land and melts it down--



JAKE: --to the raw.



AMIR: Yeah! To the frickin' raw!







AMIR: Here we go! Shoeless Joe Jackson!  Shoeless Joe Jackson back on the horse baby!







(Amir throwing up again)



AMIR: Two times, two times in one session! What are the odds?



JAKE: Really high when you eat as many kielbasas as you do. 







AMIR: I don't know, but I've been told...



JAKE: You gotta be quiet, dude.



AMIR: You gotta be quiet and mighty old. Sound off.



JAKE: Shh! Shh!



AMIR: Sound off. 



JAKE: Shut up!



AMIR: Sound off, shh, shh, SHUT UP! 



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIjhzZz8X5g 

													

														[INTRO]



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: In space.



Jake: On a computer.



Amir: On a computer in space.







[Amir is holding two plastic dinosaurs and making them kiss]



Jake: Hey, I gotta run to a meeting -- saw that.



Amir: No.



Jake: Yes. Pick up my lunch downstairs for me, okay? I'll owe you one.



Amir: You'll owe me a big one.



Jake: Fine. I'll owe you a big one.



Amir: And not just a favor, either.



Jake: Yes. Just a favor.



Amir: No. No, we'll see about that, okay. You might be singing a different tune when I--



Jake: [interrupting] I'm just going to get someone else to do it.



Amir: Good. Good, good, good. That'll actually give me some extra time to think about what ye shall owe me.



Jake: Me shall not owe ye anything. I'm doing it myself.



Amir: [ignoring Jake] Pick up my lunch every day for a month... doggie style. That's in your mouth.



Jake: Wow. You shouldn't have picked a favor so similar to mine.



Amir: Right?



Jake: Which pretty much illustrates how unfair your favor is



Amir: Every day for a year now! Missionary style. That's also in your mouth.



Jake: Same as doggie style?



Amir: Same exact same.



Jake: Which was incorrect, by the way.



Amir: Same incorrect same, then--



Jake: [interrupting] Okay, I'm going to go to the meeting. Don't get my lunch. Okay?



[Jake is attending a meeting in a conference room]



Streeter: Great new, guys: Q3 in the books -- hit our numbers, thanks in no small part to Chelsea, who gave that fiery passionate speech at the investors meeting -- really lit a fire under everybody's butt, so a round of applause for Chelsea. Thank you.



[everyone clapping -- Amir is looking into the meeting from behind the glass doors]



Streeter: ...Uh, Q4, though, is, um, who-- why-- what is he doing?



Jake: Sorry. I'll ask him to leave.



[Amir smashes a bowl of noodles against the glass and holds up a sign with Lunch written backwards]



Streeter: Why is that written backwards? Why is it backwards?



Jake: He thinks the glass is a mirror.



Amir: It's a mirror!



Jake: It's not!



Amir: Yeah, it is. And by the way, year one starts tomorrow, Hurwitz, so get your getting lunch shoes ready.



Streeter: Can you clean the door please?



Amir: Yeah, I'll clean it -- but first you gotta owe me a big one.



Streeter: Fine.



Amir: You gotta clean the door every day for a year.



Jake: Stop!



Amir: Doggie style, too! That's with my mouth.



[FALSE END]



[Amir licking the food off the glass as a dog would]



[END]

													

														INTRO:



Amir: Gesundheit! You're watching Jake and Amir



Jake: Do you think that means hello...



Amir: interrupting sneeze



Jake: ...in some language or something. 



Amir: Sorry



Jake: Okay.







Murph: It's just sad because... I mean I'd go to my grandma's house and I'm the only one taking care of her and she doesn't even know who I am anymore. I'm just in a really... just a really dark place. 



Jake: Man that's rough. If you ever need to talk to somebody... 



Interrupted by 'Austin Powers' theme song playing loudly in the office



Jake: What is happening right now?



Rosie: Yeah, that is so loud. 



Murph: Where is it even coming from?



Amir comes out dressed as Austin Powers and starts dancing



Jake signals to Amir to stop dancing



Murph angrily goes up to Amir and punches him in the face. 



Jake: Hey, Murph! Hey hey come on, man! 



Murph: Get him away from me!



Jake: Jesus!



Rosie: He didn't deserve that, man!



Murph: We are having a f*cking conversation!



Jake: Okay yeah, he annoys all of us, but you don't have to hit him!



Jake sits down next to where Amir is lying



Jake: Hey, you okay?



Amir: Yeah baby yeah. 



Jake: You sure?



Amir: Shagadelic baby, yeah.



Jake: You wanna finish the dance?



Amir: Huh?



Jake: You wanna finish your dance?



Amir (shaking his head): I'm okay. 



Jake (imitating Dr. Evil): Not even for one million dollars?



Amir: Honestly don't joke about it cause it really killed my chin!



Jake: Okay, sorry, I'm just trying to cheer you up!



Amir (to Murph): Who throws a shoe!?



Jake: Hey! Look at me! Let's finish the dance, you and me.



Amir: That would be groovy. 



Jake: Alright.



Jake stands up, helps Amir get up and starts dancing with him. 



Murph looks at them angrily, and Rosie eventually joins in. 



Amir dances up to Murph, while he angrily stares back at Amir. 



Eventually, Murph smiles and joins in dancing.



While the four of them are dancing, Murph's phone displays a text message from Mom, saying Call me. Grandma is dead.



The four of them jump in the air, and the video turns to a still. 



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														[Intro]



Amir: Hey you're watching Jake and Amir, and me and Jake are wearing matching jeans.



Jake: We're not!



Amir: So...



[Scene]

(Office, Amir and Jake at opposite desks, Jake begins to eat his sandwich)



Amir: (Rocking back and forth, giggling obnoxiously) Ohhhhhhhh! You can't torture me like that man! You can't torture me like that! You're making me weak kid. You're making me weak man. (Goat like giggling between each sentence) I'm not eating carbs this month man and it's killing me to watch you eat that sandwich.



Jake: Stop it with that voice. You know you're eating a sandwich right now, that has carbs. (Cut to Amir eating sandwich)



Amir: (Mouth full of sandwich) Not a lot. Not a lot!



Jake: Yeah a lot and you said you weren't eating any.



Amir: Okay well I'm hungry! Alright? And I need the energy and I'm eating around the carbs.



Jake: You're not eating around the carbs, you're eating a foot-long sub and it looks like it has french fries in it.



Amir: (Now holding a half eaten bagel) You want some legit constructive criticism? 



Jake: How do you have a bagel now?



Amir: You're not well travelled. (Shrugs) Bomb-shell. I know I'm sorry but I'm right okay. Take yourself on a me-cation. Go some place warm.



Jake: It's 90 degrees out today.



Amir: (Biting a pizza slice) Then go some place warmer.



Jake: You're eating so many carbs. Like everything you're putting into your mouth is a carb.



Amir: I'm on a diet. Okay. Have you ever heard of Atkins?



Jake: I have. I don't think you have. Cos you're not doing it right.



Amir: (Drops pizza on paper plate) I eat what I want, when I want, why... I want.



Jake: That's not how any diet works alright? Especially Atkins.



Amir: Why don't you tell my six pack how diets work baby! (Lifts up shirt)



Jake: Oh wow, lot of rashes!



Amir: Yeah!



Jake: Wow.



Amir: I know!



Jake: Jesus Christ



Amir: Shut up!



Jake: So many rashes...



Amir: Okay relax. It's all one big rash okay. This one's a rash, that one's eczema all along my sides that's adult impetigo.



Jake: So that sounds like a lot of different rashes.



Amir: Yeah, each rash is a sixer. A six pack of ab muscles so...



Jake: Look now you're binge eating man!



Amir: (Eating spaghetti bolognese) Okay I eat when I'm happy! 



Jake: Well you look really upset.



Amir: (Whining through mouthful of spag bol) That's cos my frickin abdomen feels like it was drenched in syrup two weeks ago and I haven't had the time to clean it off since. It's really dry and really itchy.



Jake: Yeah well maybe you're allergic to some of the food that you're eating, ok.



Amir: No, it's not that. It's from the syrup. I actually did drench my abdomen in syrup.



Jake: So that wasn't a metaphor.



Amir. No. It was for real. I legit just arched my back and walked abdomen-first into a syrup fall, which is kinda like a waterfall but instead of water it's...



Jake: Syrup (nodding)



Amir: GRAVY! Okay! Don't cut me off.



Sarah: Yeah you do do that Jake. You cut people off like, a lot. It's really...



Jake: Annoying! I know! But you were interrupting and that's my pet peeve.



Amir: (Mouthful of chocolate cake) Stop fighting! 



[END]



Edit: Correcting the mistakes raised in seeegma's comment, thanks for the proof-read!

													

														Jake: (high-pitched voice) You're watching Jake and Amir! (pause) ...You're not gonna say anything?



Amir: That was bad, man.



Jake: Fine.







[Jake, at a cemetery, walks over to Lerona's grave, flowers in hand.]



Jake: Hey, Lerona. It'sIt's been about a year since you were accidentally killed by the bus. You know, I'm technically still your boyfriend; I figured nobody else is gonna come



Amir: (arrives with bouquet) SUP! (laughs) Mir-Mir in the house!



Jake: What are you doing here?



Amir: I come here every day.



Jake: Why?



Amir: Soulmates. Right?



Jake: Yeah, I'm her soulmate.



Amir: Really, because I've never seen you here.



Jake: Really, that's because there's a difference between being a soulmate and being pathetic.



Amir: Oh, is there a difference between being a murderer and being pathetic?



Jake: Wow. Wow.



Amir: Yeah!



Jake: Really?



Amir: Yeah, really!



Jake: You went there. Okay!



Amir: Yeah, I went there! What do you wanna do?



Jake: Yeah, dick move! I wanna fight you now!



Amir: Good, then; I hope it's a flower fight because then we got a real David and Goliath thing going on.



Jake: Okay, well, David actually wins so... (hits Amir)



Amir: Okay then, let's switch bouquets then!



Jake: Let's do it! (grabs Amir)



Amir: HEY! Okay, okay



Lerona: (enters to stop fight) Guys! Guys! Stop it, stop it!



Jake: Oh my god.



Amir: You're a ghost.



Lerona: I'mI'm not a ghost? [Amir grunts and punches Lerona in the stomach.] OH! (coughs and wheezes)



Amir: Went right through her, man!



Jake: No, it didn't! You saw itYou felt that, right? You punched her in the stomach!



Amir: Maybe I'm dead then...



Jake: That's not how that works.



Lerona: (in pain) I'm Lerona's twin sister.



Amir: You look.. just like her!



Jake: Only you're...



Amir: Alive...



Lerona: I'm Jessica.



Jake: You know, I always thought Lerona had, like, the brightest eyes in the world, but, uh... turns out they were only second to yours.



Amir: Yeah, yours are brighter. And she had a lazy eye, which you don't.



Jake: She did! Yes, it was like all over there! (pointing)



Amir: She was always likeWhere is she lookShe could watch two TVs at once. (laughs with Jake) 



Jake: (laughing) Yeah.



Amir: I always joked about that.



Lerona: Okay, well



Amir: Ooh, let me smell your breath!



Lerona: What, uh [Amir sniffs Lerona's breath.]



Amir: Doesn't even resemble dog food! Yeah!



Jake: (simultaneously) Dog food! Yes!



Amir: What was that?!



Jake: I swear to god I saw the bitch eat Kibbles 'n Bits once, I guess, as a reward for herself, all right?



Amir: Yeah!



Jake: She said it was a Fun Size Snickers, but I smelled it and I saw it!



Amir: It was, like, a crispy dog biscuit, all right?



Lerona: No



Jake: Yes. Yes.



Amir: It was, like, a crispy dog bone-shaped biscuit.



Lerona: (interjecting) Anyway!



Amir: Thank you!



Lerona: What?



Amir: Anyway! Not anyways.



Jake: Lerona used to always say anyways.



Amir: (simultaneously, nasally) Anyways!



Jake: Anyways.



Amir: (nasally) Anyways!



Jake: It was like ants.



Amir: Oh god, so nasal!



Jake: So annoying...



Amir: Just that one word.



Jake: So annoying.



Lerona: Yeah, well, so are you two! (to Amir) I mean, youyou act like a four-year-old in a twenty-eight-year-old's body.



Amir: (inaudible)



Lerona: (to Jake) And youJake, you stole your best friend's girlfriend, and then you killed her.



Jake: ...Wow.



Lerona: Oh, and by the way, fedoras are not stylin'.



Jake: How did you know...?



Lerona: Because I'm not Lerona's twin, okay? I am a ghost. I came back here to see what nice things you guys would be saying about me, and instead, you're flirting with my fake sibling and talking shit about me.



Amir: Barely, okay? I like the way you ate dog food; Jake was the one being a bitch by (inaudible)



Jake: No, whatI like dog food!



Lerona: (interrupting) You know what? Whatevers. Bye. (fades out)



Amir: I told you; it punched right through her, man!



Lerona: (fades in) We're not transparent, you know! It really hurt. (fades out)



Amir: No, it didn't.



Lerona: (fades in) It did. (fades out)



Amir: Barely...



Lerona: (fades in) It did. (fades out)



Amir: Wow. Cannot believe that Lerona's twin is a ghost. It's like... (punches Jake) Dead arm!



Jake: OW, dude!



Amir: (waves to graveyard) Sorry!



THE END



EPISODE LINK



I can't quite hear what Amir says right after he's called out by Lerona. It's cars? No idea. And the second inaudible thing Amir says is muffled by Jake and Lerona; his lips are moving, but I can't read lips of course. xP Help!

													

														INTRO



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. Turn your cellphone off.



Amir: I'm playing a game!



Jake: I know.







Murph: Why don't we just come back later?



Jake: 'Cuz I'm good at juggling now, Murph, alright? I'm just nervous.



Sarah: You're not even close.



Jake: Now I'm pissed. I'm obviously not going to be a good juggler if I'm pissed. Don't leave! Don't leave! Please don't leave. Here, I'll do it.



Amir (skipping in chanting USA): We caught the bitch! We caught the bitch!



Jake: What are you talking about?



Amir: Osama bin Hidin'. Osama bin Not.



Sarah: He was hiding.



Amir: Well now he's not. We're gonna put him on trial, and I'm gonna grill him. (sizzling noise) George Foreman style. AKA with onions.



Murph: That's not George Foreman style.



Jake: Sorry, why do you think you would be the one to interrogate Osama bin Laden?



Amir: Because he's guilty



Jake: He's dead.



Amir: As charged, and I'm gonna bring him there.



Murph: No, like he's actually dead.



Amir: What?



Jake: How do you hear about this story and not know he was dead?



Amir: I saw a two month old New York Post on the subway this morning with his face on it and figured we had caught the bitch, right? Put a net around him and dragged his ass to Yankees Stadium, put him on trial in front of the fearless fans of Bronx's Alpha, parked his car in the Harvard yard, took him to the square.



Jake: That's Boston.



Amir: Only it wasn't Osama bin Laden; it was my dad. And it wasn't Yankees Stadium, either, it was like my elementary school and I was naked.



Jake: Ok, so now you're talking about like a dream you had, did you pass out or something?



Amir: Mhm. Yeah I fainted, twice. Today, actually. Once at my aunt's condo on the way over here in a bowl of cereal, and another on like a subway platform, and when I came to there were 35 police officers looking down on me, told me I missed the train by like half an inch. I was this close-



Jake: Alright, stop talking. You're saying, like a million different things at once and the only person who can juggle that many things at once is named yours truly. 



Jake: Alright leave! Everybody just leave, leave, alright? I'll make a video of me juggling, but for now; screw you guys, you need to go home. Alright, Murph, you're lucky you're a bitch, that would've hit you square. You got your bitch shield up, dude.



Jake (Murph is wrestling him): Ow! Alright. Ow! Ah! Ah! Ow! Murph! I was joking!

													

														Opening Sequence



Amir: Jake, Amir, you're watching us



Jake: Can I just do it myself?



Amir: Yes.







Episode



Amir: Wow... Notice anything different about me?



Jake: You got your cyst drained!



Amir: What?! (Checks his cyst) No, haha, ow, no no no it's still here. And it's hardened. Ow.



Jake: Yeah, I know. I can see it from the front, so I was just kinda reminding you that you should get it drained.



Amir: Yeah I got this badboy (taps his headset). This molds to the contour of my head.



Jake: So does your cyst.



Amir: No.



Jake: Yeah.



Amir: It's like a golf ball, it's growing on top of it.



Jake: Okay well I'm just saying not to ignore it.



Amir: I'm not ignoryou're ignoring thist! (Touches headset) So I insist, that you stop.



Jake: How much was the headset?



Amir: Doesn't matter. It's not yours, I don't see why you care.



Jake: You just asked me to talk to you about it. Okay, I'm making conversation about the headset.



Amir: I just don't get why the second I get something as chill as a headset you're all up in my snatch about it.



Jake: You begged me repeatedly to talk to you about it. I don't know why you bought one because you never get calls.



Amir: Correction, never get calls.



Jake: That's what I said.



Amir: Never got calls, then.



Jake: What are you talking about?



Amir: It's called I wanted people to call me on my new headset so I left my phone number in a gas station bathroom, okay? But I didn't 

want to soft sell it so I wrote For a good time, call: in lipstick above it. (Subvocalizing) Wow!



Jake: It's not called that. Don't say it's called this, like it's a thing other people do



(Amir gets a call)



Amir: Hello?



Jake: Gotta change that ringtone.



Amir: I'm wearing a shirt, I guess. Uh, yeah I'm hard, and it is a little wet. How did you even know I had a cyst?



Jake: Hang up man.



Amir: Hello? Hello? (To Jake) Anyway where were we? Oh right I remember where you were, 100%, firmly placed, inside of, my snatch.



Jake: Stop saying snatch. Who just called you?



Amir: None of your bitchness.



Jake: It actually is my bitchness because you're running a phone sex hotline at workand now my phone's ringing. Did you post my number 

too?



Amir: I don't think... no.



Jake: Okay well it's coming from an area code that I don't recognize.



Amir: 732?



Jake: Yeah.



Amir: Jersey. I mean, is it?



Jake: Okay well, yeah, well I guess you spend a lot of time in New Jersey on the weekends.



Amir: Sometimes I spend gas station time there, but like nothing more than that.



Jake: Okay, well I'm going to know if you posted my number if I answer this and it's somebody that I don't know asking me what I'm 

wearing.



Amir: Which is why I swear to god that I didn't leave your phone number.



Jake: (Talking on the phone) Hello? (Hangs up) Yeah. That guy's jerking off.



Amir: I left your phone number. I just remembered and I wanted to come clean because the idea of me not telling you was eating me up 

inside. I just thought you wanted some company while you were all up in my sand.



Jake: That's not what you were saying before man.



Amir: I forgot it for half a second but then I remembered it: my sa...



Jake: It was snatch.



Amir: Dammit, no. It wasn't that, but you get the prize for getting it the closest.



Jake: That was it.



Amir: No, that wasn't it. I already gave you the prize, stop lobbying for more. (Gets a call) Hello? Uh... I don't know why don't you 

ask Jake what it smells like, he's currently in it. (To Jake) He's asking me about my



Jake: Snatch.



Amir: Snatch, yeah.



Jake: Got it.

													

														INTRO Amir - Hey, you're watching Amir and Jake.



Jake - What?



Amir - Let's just switch it up a little. 



Jake - (scoffs) No. 



Amir - OW. 







(Amir approaches Jake's desk)



AMIR: Blato! 



JAKE: New business card. Nice. 



AMIR: Not just any business card. My business card. 



JAKE: I know. I didn't think you're were carrying around--



AMIR: My business card. 



JAKE: --like some random business card.



AMIR: My business card. 



JAKE: OK, it's blank.



AMIR: (chuckles) It's blank, or is it invisible ink? (pulls out a squirt bottle and sprays card, then starts waving it around) Here we go. (pause) Suddenly, the card comes to life. 



JAKE: Not ye-



AMIR: Not yet! (still shaking card) Not yet. 



JAKE: Don't get mad, you're getting really defensive really early on in this conversation. 



AMIR: It's already starting to work. (continue shaking card throughout conversation)



JAKE: Just chill out. It's not actually. It's pretty slow, it's--



AMIR: It's fast! OK, if you know anything about invisible ink. 



JAKE: I don't.



AMIR: Well I do and this is fast. This is considered lightning fast in the industry. Starting to--



JAKE: OK, well, yeah, I understand that you carry around a spritzer all the time but how is anybody else--



AMIR: What? 



JAKE: I'm in the middle of talking, don't say 'what' to interrupt me, OK? You're--



AMIR: You're mumbling, OK? (makes silly noises with his mouth) 



JAKE: --you're getting, you're getting defensive. How is anybody else going to know to spray the card with water?



AMIR: Well, it's not with water, OK? It's vinegar. (laughs) And the instructions are written   on the card once you've spritz it, oooh, that was tough. 



JAKE: Yeah, that actually was tough. And by the way, nothing has appeared on the card yet. 



AMIR: OK, you're just being a dick because you think this was a waste of $3000. 



JAKE: I would have thought it was a waste if you got it for free.



AMIR: A good business card should one: display pertinent information prominently, two: be simple and clean and three: be easily readable. 



JAKE: I agree. It's weird that you know all that stuff--



AMIR: A GREAT business card should--



JAKE: OK.



AMIR: --one: make you earn that information, two: invisible ink, preferable but not necessary-- 



JAKE: Definitely not necessary. 



AMIR: --and three: leave a lot to the imagination.



JAKE: Nothing showed up yet. 



AMIR: It's showing up.  



JAKE: Try not shaking it. 



AMIR: (stops shaking the card) OK, you know what? You have a lot of dumb ideas too but I don't call you out on them because you're my friend and at least you're trying and I want to see you happy.     



JAKE: All right. You're right. I'm sorry. Hey look, it just showed up. (reads) Tweet at me bitches, you know a player when you see one. 



AMIR: Yeah. 



JAKE: Doesn't have your twitter name. 



AMIR: (pause) Which is fine, right? 



JAKE: That's fine. That's good. That's cool. All right, good talk. What do you say we start the day, huh? 



AMIR: Absolutely. 



JAKE: Let's do it. 



AMIR: Lunch?



JAKE: Uh, it's still 9AM but . . . all right, good talk. Take it easy man. 



AMIR: (softly) Take it easy man. (pause) This could actually work--



JAKE: Go to your desk, man. 



(Amir goes to his desk)



AMIR: Whoa, just got my first business card tweet. 



JAKE: Hey, really? 



AMIR: Yeah, it's from you. (chuckles)



JAKE: What's it say, man? 



AMIR: (reading) Sick card, bro. Wanna do lunch? 



JAKE: So what do you say? We'll get like a business lunch or something. 



AMIR: Don't fucking pity me!



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMlfn2xgAxc 

													

														INTRO Jake - Hey, you're watching Jake- can you stop taking pictures of my jeans?



Amir - Whoa, pervert alert.







JAKE: Okay, first things first: Take some shaving cream, put it in your hand.



AMIR: Well hey, check it out, Jake and a mirror.



Amir touches mirror.



JAKE: That's good. Okay, so-



AMIR: That was a fricken courtesy laugh! And I appreciate it!



Amir touches Jake's waist.



JAKE: Alright, easy, easy.



Jake and Amir are both shaving.



AMIR: Hey, you think this shaving cream stuff works on cats? Yes or no, bitch I'm talking to you.



JAKE: I don't want you to shave a cat.



AMIR: That's not what I asked you



JAKE: Hey, one last thing...



AMIR: Yeah?



JAKE: Would you at least consider shaving your nipples?



Amir moves his towel to reveal nipple hair.



AMIR: No! (Chuckles)



JAKE: You don't just want to shave your soul patch, right?



AMIR: I don't know, haven't decided yet.



JAKE: Alright.



AMIT: But you decided, to be a queen douche about it.



JAKE: Hey, look, I'm being nice, okay? I'm teaching you to shave right now. And you're 28-years-old so you should know or your dad should've taught you.



AMIR: (Talking over Jake lecturing him) I know. Yeah, I know, I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know! I know already, I said I know! Jesus, you don't have to be a queen douche about it.



Cut back to Amir with his towel moved to expose nipple hair.



JAKE: Yeah, just cause the hair is so long (Amir says brown the same time Jake says long)



AMIR: Brown, I know right?



JAKE: No, long, is what I was going to say.



AMIR: Yeah, that too.



JAKE: That only.



Jake and Amir are shaving again.



AMIR: Hm, this is easy.



JAKE: Yup.



AMIR: Would it be harder or easier if I had legit cat fur on my face though?



Jake stops shaving.



JAKE: I really don't want you to shave a cat, okay?



AMIR: Don't tell me what to do, okay?



JAKE: It'd be harder with cat fur.



AMIR: I'll just get a sharper razor then.



Amir is moving his stomach.



AMIR: Look at that.



JAKE: Don't be proud of your body, okay?



Jake and Amir are shaving again.



AMIR: Do they make circular razors?



JAKE: No.



AMIR: Like one that would like easily mold to the contour of a feline anus?



JAKE: I already said no, man. You don't have to specify.



Amir continues to shave in silence.



AMIR: I'm gonna shave a cat.



JAKE: I know.



JAKE: Hey, I have a question, how do you get this nipple hair so soft?



Jake rips the hair off of one of Amir's nipples and Amir screams.



Jake and Amir are shaving together.



JAKE: Okay, just like that, slowly, carefully.



Amir nicks himself.



AMIR: Ooh, nicked myself a little bit.



Jake and Amir continue to shave. Amir is holding the towel to his bloody cut.



JAKE: Okay, slowly, carefully.



AMIR: Mmhmm.



JAKE: You alright? Watch me do it.



Amir nicks himself again.



AMIR: Ooh, okay. Two for two!



Amir is holding the towel around his bloody neck.



JAKE: Okay, just do me a favor? Keep your razor away from your face, watch how slow I'm going. Just like this.



Jake demonstrates how to shave.



AMIR: I was going that slowly.



JAKE: Just like this. You put pressure on that.



Amir is covered in blood.



JAKE: Okay, tell me this goat isn't chief, and I'll shave it off right now.



AMIR: It's not chief.



JAKE: Oh, you don't know jack! Shaving it.



Amir is covered in his own blood.



AMIR: You know, if you think this is funny...



JAKE: I don't.



AMIR: Imagine it being cat blood. (Laughs) Imagine wearing a bib with  a towel... (Closes eyes faintly) I fainted for a split.



END



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO Jake - Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.

Amir - Laugh!

Jake - The video hasn't started.

Amir - Okay.  



(Jake and Amir are in a park, sitting on the grass)

JAKE: Thanks again for agreeing to do this.

AMIR: No worries.

JAKE: You're the last person I wanted to ask, but the only guy I know who knows Hebrew.

AMIR: (Bowing) I am honored.

JAKE: Don't be honored, I was saying it to--

(Talking over each other)

AMIR: It is an honor--

JAKE: It's not an honor

AMIR: Thank you very much, I am honored.

JAKE: Don't be.

AMIR: You've honored me.

JAKE: You know what, forget it. I actually don't need you. I'll use an iPhone app or something, just get out of here.

AMIR: I'm already honored, I'm staying.

JAKE: Just don't be honored Okay, here she is.

(Rachel sits down next to them)

RACHEL: (With a slight accent) Hello.

JAKE: Hello.

AMIR: Shalom.

JAKE: You don't have to translate that.

AMIR: (Hebrew) I don't have to translate that. (He and Rachel laugh)

JAKE: Please stop.

AMIR: (Hebrew, to the Rachel) Stop!

JAKE: No no no no no, not you, him. Translate that.

AMIR: I mean, c'mon, she pretty much gets it.

JAKE: She pretty much doesn't, okay? She stopped laughing.

AMIR: Ya, cause that was a bad joke.

JAKE: It wasn't a joke.

RACHEL: (Hebrew) I'm sorry, I missed the train. I must look terrible.

AMIR: She missed the train and had to run here, so she feels gross and ugly.

JAKE: No, no, you're beautiful. Tell her she's beautiful.

AMIR: Well, then you'll look a little desparate, so...

JAKE: Okay, well just say it.

AMIR: Well, she's probably just fishing for compliments, trust me dude, you do not

JAKE: Why did I even invite you here then, okay? Just say that to her.

AMIR: (Hebrew) You're just fishing for compliments. You don't look good.

JAKE: What did you say to her?

AMIR: Nothing we both don't already think.

JAKE: Just tell her that I want to take her out to dinner tonight.

AMIR: (Still in English) Jake says don't expect him to pay, okay? You guys are splittin' the bill. Even in Israel, people are going Dutch.

JAKE: Hey, dude?

AMIR: I mean, it's 2011, so stop waiting for a--

JAKE: Buddy, you're talking in English and you're not saying what I said! Alright? You're an asshole!

(Amir begins to translate that)

JAKE: Don't say that to her.

AMIR: (Hebrew) You look pretty.

JAKE: (Talking to Rachel )No! No, look at me. No.

RACHEL: Goodbye! (She gets up and walks away)

JAKE: Hey! (To Amir) What are you doing? (Jake follows her) Hey, Rachel, wait.

JAKE: Look, you're mad at me for all of the wrong reasons.

RACHEL: I'm mad at you because you saw me speaking Hebrew at a bar and hit on me, demanding that I come meet you here at this park, that you'd have a translator. I told you I spoke English well, and you laughed, saying that it was a cute attempt at speaking normal.

JAKE: It was.

RACHEL: I figured I'd come here for a free meal, but you are so unbearable to be around, that it's not worth it! Though I am happy that you're not wearing that ugly fedora anymore. And those dog tags.

JAKE: I'm still wearing the dog tags, alright? But you know what, I'm glad that this isn't gonna work out because fashion is the #1 most important thing in my life, and you don't got it. (Raising up his hand as a peace sign, which a leather band around his wrist) So peace out.

RACHEL: Is that a watch?

JAKE: It's a leather band, sister.

RACHEL: Ugh. (She leaves)

JAKE: Is that funny? (To Amir, who walks up beside him) Way to go man, you blew that for me, she's a Lesbian.

AMIR: I blew it, or she's a Lesbian?

JAKE: Both, to be honest. (Holding up his wrist) Tell me, what do you think about

AMIR: Not stylin'.

JAKE: Then help me take it off!

AMIR: Your hand is purple.

JAKE: Ya, cause it's small. I stole the belt off my sister's frickin' doll, dude.

THE END

EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO 



J: Hey! You're watching Ja- can you stop taking pictures of my jeans?



A: Woah, pervert alert!







Amir: sits down Ow!



Jake: Hey, um, dude. So my aunt got your 'stay sick' card.. I don't know how you even had that made.



Amir: unravels scroll Top Ten cars to hot box by Amir Valerie Blumenfeld. Number Ten: It don't matter the car, the size, or the space, 'cause I'm filling that shit with the illest dank stank, you won't even be able to tell the difference between the stick shift and your stiff dick.



Jake: Right, so my aunt is like very sick.



Amir: Okay Nine: Honda Civic hatchback, '84 two doors.



Jake: I don't know how you got her address, or even knew that she had a cold.



Amir: Numero Eight: Gimme yo truck, a bus, a car, or a bike, don't matter the whip when I ghost ride this hike... BLAZE, I'm high.



Jake: How do you hot box a bike?



Amir: Seventh Heaven: Kia Sorento, fire engine red, real cherry.



Jake: That's such a random car..



Amir: Number Six: Pick up chicks in whatever my twix shaped dick can do arithmetic in.. Translation, who gives a fudge? The car is meaningless when you're getting riproaringly blazed, might as well be a kite 'cause I'm that high. I'm stoned.



Jake: Right, if the car is meaningless then how are there five more cars?



Amir: Number five: mitsubishi galant, yellow with black slim for the man getting mad trim.



Jake: Black slim?!



Amir: Roll up to a joint and roll up a joint. Let's clam bake this baked clam on a glazed ham.

Four: It.. don't..



Jake: Matter right? As long as you're smoking that sticky ass gaunge in a sticky ass bong then nothing can go wrong, the car doesn't mean anything.



Amir makes odd hand movement and serious face



Jake: Weed.



Amir: Exactomundo! Though it should be a '99 Volvo V70, cherry green, lease to own. Number three is a toyota yaris. Lemon yellow, like a lemon cello, a mellow cello for this mellow fellow. Two is a Nissan quest and one don't matter, cause guess what? whispers Yeah...



Jake: Stop writing letters to my aunt.



Amir: Got herb?!

													

														NTRO Amir and Jake - Hey, you're watching Jake--



Jake - and Amir.



Amir - and Amir. 



Jake - All right. 



Amir - Perfect.







(Sarah and Pat are sat on a couch)



PAT: Guess who I saw in Starbucks this morning. 



SARAH: Who?



PAT and SARAH: Chris Nowth.(?)



PAT: You saw him too!



SARAH: No, you just keep talking about this.



(Amir enters)



AMIR: Hey.



SARAH: Hey!



AMIR: Sorry, uh, got to go take a shit. 



PAT: Come on. 



AMIR: But Jake's gift hath arrived. So whenever you guys get a chance, pay the peeper! (chuckles) 



SARAH: How much do we owe you? 



AMIR: Huh?



PAT: For the gift.  How much do we owe you?



AMIR: Well, uh, like I said, I ended up going for the deluxe package--



PAT: You never said that.



AMIR: --So uh--



PAT: You never SAID THAT!



AMIR: That changed the price by just a hair. So uh.



SARAH: What the deluxe package?



AMIR: Yeah! Well you know how I was deciding between the headphone thing and the deluxe package? 



PAT: No. 



AMIR: Yeah, well, OK, sorry, I really, uhh, I got to go take a shit. But I was deciding between the headphones and the deluxe package and I ended up saying 'eff it, you only turn 26 once, I went balls to the wall and I got the deluxe package, so that's--



SARAH: Amir, you told us you were just going to get him headphones. 



AMIR: Umm, sorry, like...whaaa--



PAT: Is that a sincere apology? 



AMIR: I don't kn--Yeah. It is. Sorry, I'm like, ugh, really backed up and loopy right now.  So I'm like sort of saying one thing but meaning another.  Yeah, it was sincere. What's your excuse for being a D-bag though?



SARAH: OK, it's fine. How much do we owe you? 



AMIR: Well. Like I said, since I ended up getting the deluxe package--



SARAH: Stop saying deluxe package. 



AMIR: --The sum ended up falling somewhere in the neighborhood of like, god, I want to say like fourteen six a person. 



SARAH: Fourteen six? 



AMIR: Yeah, fourteen thousand six hundred dollars, but now I really have to go because I'm legit about to diarrhea my jeans. 



SARAH: OK, Amir, we're not paying you $14,000!



PAT: I was not even on board for the headphones. 



AMIR: Well, it's an all inclusive thing, OK? It's a deluxe package, that's the MacBook Air, the wine, you know, two days in the ring with a former pro, plus the plane tickets to Espaa, so, it's a little bit much, but like, when he gets back we're going to have to divide up the receipts, see how much the food and wine cost, because that was not included. (chuckles) Neither was the boxing thing, actually.



PAT: So it's not all inclusive! 



AMIR: No man, it's not all inclusive, but I think--



(Jake enters) 



AMIR: AH! 



JAKE: Hey guys, what's going on? 



AMIR: Jake. What's up, man? What were we talking about? Sports?



SARAH: Jake, Amir bought you this really expensive birthday present and -- 



JAKE: Come on, man.



SARAH: --now he's--



JAKE: Did you guy seriously get me the deluxe package??



AMIR: It was going to be a surprise! (Amir and Jake start hopping up and down) Yeah! 



(Jake hugs Amir)



JAKE: That is me and Reddick Bowe in the boxing ring, for two days! (give amir a give peck on the cheek) Woo! 



SARAH: Umm, listen Jake--



JAKE: You guys, can I just let you in on a little secret? Real fast. I honestly thought I heard you say you were getting me headphones and I ran to the bathroom and I cried my eyes out. I just wept openly because I was that pissed, I was like 'these chumps call themselves my friends and they're getting me a lame-ass birthday gift?'--



AMIR: No way.



JAKE: --no computer, no wine, no Espaa, and now here we are, I feel like an ass because you guys are obviously my best friends!



PAT: So you cry when you don't get the gift that you want?



JAKE: Yeah, for like a couple of minutes!



AMIR: Who doesn't? 



JAKE: But we're fine now because I got what I want. (high fives Amir) What smells like shit? 



THE END. 



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XufLHF09MbM 

													

														INTRO



AMIR: You're watching Zack and Amir!



JAKE: Jake and Amir.



AMIR: Okay, we don't want to spoonfeed the audience.







[Amir and three others are dressed up as a barbershop quartet.]



QUARTET: [singing very off-key with each other] Bluuue moooooooon, you saw me standing alo-o-o-o-o-one...



[Jake walks in, plugging his ears.]



QUARTET: [singing] Without a love...



JAKE: Sorry-- just-- shut up. All of you just shut up.



AMIR: [The rest have stopped singing] ...of my owwwwwwwwn-- guys, you gotta work through that, okay? We're gonna be heckled a lot harder than that, protesting the kindergartners' graduation tonight...



JAKE: You're an asshole.



AMIR: Why is it when you pick up a hobby, you're, like, a nice guy, but when I do it, I'm an asshole?



JAKE: I have this theory that you're, like, such a bad combination of mean-spirited and dumb that everything you do makes you an asshole.



AMIR: Are you just mad at me because I haven't done any work in the last couple days?



JAKE: Yes.



AMIR: Or is it that I'm so good at singing now--



JAKE: It's the first one.



AMIR: --that it makes everything you do seem--... what's the word I'm thinking of? Uh, I-- I'm so good at something, that you are now...



JAKE: It's the work one.



AMIR: ...bad.



JAKE: Bad. Wow, that was the word you were looking for? It was bad?



AMIR: 'Cuz if it's the first one--



JAKE: It is.



AMIR: --I'll shut up...



JAKE: Thank you.



AMIR: ...but if it's the second one--



JAKE: I'm so surprised at how many times I've had to tell you it's the first one.



AMIR: Okay, fine, new rule, then: if it's the first one, we're good. But if it's the second one, it's the opposite of good. It's, um...



LERRENCE: Bad!



AMIR: Don't butt in, Lerrence.



JAKE: Sorry--... who named you Lerrence?



LERRENCE: A fisherman found me when I was nineteen years old. He named me Lerrence, and he raised me.



JAKE: You know, by nineteen, you really should've been pretty much raised.



LERRENCE: Yeah, but--



JAKE: And named.



LERRENCE: That's fair. That's more then fair.



AMIR: Okay-- will all jealous parties just vacate the room? Or I'll make-make the boom.



[There is a very long pause. Eventually, a member of the quartet dejectedly walks out the door. Jake and the remaining trio stand in silence.]



JAKE: Yeah, I think I'm gonna leave too, but, um... I'm not jealous.



[The trio has begun singing again.]



TRIO: [singing] She's my little deuce coupe! She don't knowww what I got-- little doop-boop-bidda-budda-d'I got...



JAKE: Yeah, there's a crowd of people booing you guys outside.



TRIO: We know.







END







[Jake has joined the quartet.]



QUARTET: [singing] There she was, just a-walkin' down the street, singin' [very off-key] Doo-wa-diddy-diddy-dum-diddy-doo! Snappin' her fingers...



[The self-exiled quartet member watches longingly from outside.]

													

														INTRO



JAKE: You're watching Jake and Amir!



AMIR: Hey, it's a living!



JAKE: Just don't talk.



AMIR: Deal!







[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks.]



AMIR: Oh, hey Jake.



JAKE: Yeah.



[Amir turns and smiles, revealing that he has braces.]



AMIR: Have a good one.



JAKE: Oh, no...



AMIR: Oh, yeah!



JAKE: Blood.



[Amir's gums have begun bleeding to the point where all of his teeth are red.]



AMIR: Oh... no. Oh no.



JAKE: At least tell me you went to a real orthodontist.



AMIR: I can tell ya... but then I'd have to kill ya!



JAKE: Why?



AMIR: It's... just a t-- forget it, okay? My cousin Leron jacked the pamphlet from a dentist and tried to slap these on herself.



JAKE: Herself?



AMIR: Himself, I said.



JAKE: No, you didn't.



AMIR: Turns out, he couldn't. Wuh-oh, no surprise there. Leron's a coward and a thief. Good thing his buddy Travin was right around the corner, and he fixed me up right good! Only problem is: he's concussed.



JAKE: How?



AMIR: Sittin' in the operating chair, I'm this terrible combination of pissed and scared, kickin' my legs willy-nilly like a jackrabbit over water, but Lee and Trav were gung-ho about the project, not ready to relent. Luckily for me, Trav [now pronounced trayv] is a frickin' geezer.



JAKE: How old is he?



AMIR: He's a sprightly ninety-three, but doesn't look a day under thirty.



JAKE: That's cuz he's not.



AMIR: Anyway, I kick him straight in the jar.



JAKE: Do you mean jaw?



AMIR: I wish!



JAKE: What was wrong with your teeth, anyway?



AMIR: Don't pretend you didn't notice, okay? Gingivitis, plaque, rotting-gum disease, oral acne, periodontic rosacea...



JAKE: So they weren't crooked, though.



AMIR: God, no. Nah, I had a--, like, headgear for the first eleven years on Earth.



JAKE: Right. Since you were an infant?



AMIR: Yeah. Well, even way before. I even had one of those chinstrap things and, like, a built-in retainer you had to turn with, like, a... like a-- that soda can opener thing?



JAKE: Like a tab?



AMIR: No, like the thing you open a soda can with.



JAKE: The tab.



AMIR: Yeah. Right, exactly. A tab. Either way, in about three weeks I'm gonna have the brightest set of pearly-whites you'll ever see!



JAKE: Braces straighten your teeth. They don't whiten them.



[Amir makes a face and bobbles his head, mocking Jake. Jake looks confused.]



AMIR: I know.



JAKE: You know?



AMIR: I know.



JAKE: You know. Okay, so why--



AMIR: I know! So drop it.



JAKE: So why would you--



AMIR: So drop it.



JAKE: Your gums are bleeding, man.



AMIR: Bleeding? ...Or am I just eating a red velvet cupcake?



JAKE: Bleeding.



AMIR: Incorrect! [He pulls out a red velvet cupcake.] Both.



JAKE: That looks like an intact cupcake, so you didn't eat it.



AMIR: I was gonna, okay? But my teeth frickin' kill.



JAKE: Wow, braces, fallin' off.



[Amir's braces have slipped off his teeth.]



AMIR: Yeah. Here we go...







END

													

														Jake: You're watching Jake and Amir!



Amir: Not necessarily...



Jake: Yes, necessarily.



Amir: All right!







[Amir is placing soiled toilet paper on Jake's desk.]



Amir: (singing to self) I feel shitty... Oh, so shitty



Jake: Hey, hey, hey! What the fuck is this?



Amir: OWNED!



Jake: (looks to desk) Is that actuallyoh my god. Are you fucking crazy? Are you actually batshit fucking crazy?



Amir: Relax, dude, you got pranked, okay? (raises hand) Give it up for the pranker.



Jake: Why?



Amir: It'sWhat, you've never heard of teepeeing?



Jake: I've heard of it. You've done it before.



Amir: Well, this is a brown teepee.



Jake: I have to burn my desk.



Amir: (laughs) Relax, dude, it's just poo-poo, okay? If it were bad for you, it wouldn't be in your stomach before you pooped it out!



Jake: You poop it out because it's bad for you. It's waste. It's excrement. It's feces. Feces has diseasies.



Amir: All right, Dr. Seuss, okay? If you were just worried that this is, like, a homeless person's shit and not mine, I can assure you... it's a combination of both. (grabs piece of toilet paper and moves it to Jake's face) OOH!



Jake: (grabbing Amir's arm) Whoa, hey, look, just.. leave it alone. I'll find a way to deal with it, but you just don't touch



Amir: (lunges again) OOH, DANGEROUS!



Jake: If you come near me with it, I'm gonna punch you in the face.



Amir: Oh, it's so toxic!



Jake: Amir, it is! It's human shit, all right? I feel like I'm dealing with a two-year-old.



[Pat and Sarah show up to restrain Jake while Amir smears the toilet paper on Jake's face.]



Amir: Oh no, it's _____! Oh nooooo! No! (smearing)



Pat: Oh! Ohhhhh!



Sarah: (laughing)



Jake: OH, I hate you guys! (Pat and Sarah join Amir.) What the hell?!



Amir, Pat, and Sarah: GOTCHA! It's pudding!



Amir: (immediately after) And shit!



Jake: Wait, what?



Amir: It's pudding.



Jake: You said, And shit.



Pat: It's just pudding!



Amir: Just pudding. (chuckles) I said, And shit, 'cause it's, like, uh... It's pudding and shit. (chuckles) Like, yyou go to the market, and you're like, I'm gonna get pudding and shit. But ityou're just getting pudding and then shyou're not really getting shit. It's just pudding. Pudding and shit.



Jake: But itbut it smells and tastes like...



Pat and Sarah: Yeah, it does...



Amir: ONE LOG! [Jake gags and runs off.] Okay, I put one log [Sarah: Oh...] in there to get the color right, and then everything else is chocolate, okayand I don't even know if I took it from the log section, so you're still being a bitch.



Sarah: Why.. would you do that?



Amir: To get the color right, I just said, to get the color



Pat: What does that mean?



Sarah: Yeah.



Amir: It means the prank is over. So we can stop pretending to be friends.



[Amir tosses up the toilet paper into Pat's face.]



Pat and Sarah: OH!



THE END



EPISODE LINK



I can't quite tell what Amir says right before he smears the poo on Jake.

													

														Amir: You're watching Drake and Amir! Not hard.



Jake: Not right!



Amir: Barely!







Amir: Okay, why do they call this a high school play? They should be calling it a high school work... 'Cause it's boring. (laughs)



Jake: It hasn't started yet.



Amir: Okay, I got, like, fifty more of those jokes, and if you're gonna nitpick every single one of 'em, they're almost not even worth saying.



Jake: Then don't.



Amir: ALMOST! ...I said.







Amir: NO, DON'T GO IN THERE!



Jake: Shhh...



Amir: What? It's not a movie, okay? There are actual actors here; they can hear me.



Jake: Exactly.



Amir: Heed my advice!



Jake: No...



Amir: I feel like I'm directing it.



Jake: Wow, bad way to feel.



Amir: CUT! Sorry.







Amir: Hey, which one's your cousin? I wanna heckle him.



Jake: It's a girl.



Amir: Then she's not your cousin! ...She's your nephew. (chuckles)



Jake: You're even wrong when you're already wrong.



Amir: ...That's beautiful. (takes out phone)



Jake: Don't e-mail that to yourself. Hey! (reaches for phone)



Amir: HEY!







Amir: I don't get this at all.



Jake: It's a musical.



Amir: Yeah, it doesn't explain why people are randomly singing and dancing.



Jake: Yes, it does!



Amir: Does!



Jake: It does.



Amir: Yeah.







[Amir has earphones in.]



Jake: Hey, can you not listen to your iPod?



Amir: WHAT?



Jake: Shhh, wow, please stop listening to music, okay?



Amir: It's not music, okay? It's a podcast. Check it. (moves earbud to Jake's ear)



Jake: Yeah, it sounds like a crazy person screaming into a microphone.



Amir: Yeah, that's the name of the podcast. Okay, my cousin mikes up a bunch of homeless people throughout the city and sorta just lets 'em loose.







Amir: Ugh, I really have to take a dump.



Jake: Then go to the bathroom.



Amir: Don't tell me where to shit, man! Okay? Legit prairie doggin' it.



Jake: (looking down) Oh no...



Amir: (looking down) Oh yeah, he's on the loose...







[Amir has his headphones in again.]



Jake: Just watch the play.



Amir: I am watching, okay? I'm just not listening.







Amir: (singing) Go grease lightning, you're burning up the quarter mile! (talking) Smiley f



Jake: Please stop. Please stop.



Amir: I'm singing along, okay?



Jake: This isn't Grease.







Amir: You think you're a hot shot 'cause you got a cousin? (laughs) Big whoop, you smug prick. I have twenty-seven nieces and nephews.



Jake: Okay, great, just be quiet.



Amir: Eleven girls, eleven boys. That's all I'll say.



Jake: Thank you, just talk to me about it after the show. Please.



Amir: Okay, fine. Their names are Ryan, Brian, Cryin', Fryin', and Sandra, The Little Engine That Can't.



Jake: Wow, mean nickname.



Amir: Yeah, she has, like, no knee, all right? She's got legit no knees, so wewe sorta discourage her from doing stuff.







Amir: (singing) You are supreme! Uh, uh! The chicks will cream! Uh, uh!



Man in Audience: Hey!



Amir: HEY YOU!



Jake: Okay...



Amir: I got a kid up there, man!



Jake: (restraining Amir) Stop.







[The Principal is lecturing Jake and Amir.]



Principal: These kids have been working their butts off for five months, and you two guys are ruining it!



Amir: (makes fart noise) Oh, Principal Farley farted! (chuckles) ...Tough crowd! Yeah, we'll be quiet.







[The audience is clapping at the end of the play.]



Amir: BOOOO! BOOOO! BOO! ENCORE!



Jake: Why encore?



Amir: I wanna boo them one more time! (clapping) BOO!



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														TALENT SHOW



INTRO



JAKE: You're watching



AMIR: Hurry up, okay?  I'm bored!



JAKE: You're slowing us down.



AMIR: That's true.







AMIR: (Hanging up Talent Show sign and quietly singing to himself in an office) ...like, we like to party, we like the party...



(Jake walks in)



AMIR: Oh!  Here for the talent show?



JAKE: You know I'm not here for the talent show, Man.



AMIR: Well, then ya can just beat it, 'cause everyone here (brief pause) got talent.



(Zooms out to reveal an empty office)



JAKE: Nobody showed up, okay?  Be at peace with that.



AMIR: I dunno where I went wrong, Man.



JAKE: If you're venting, I will stop and let ya vent



AMIR: It's just, like, one of those things where, like, nobody's specifically to blame.



JAKE: N-no, you're specifically to blame, just because the fliers that you put up where um at best blatantly racist and at worst...illegal.



AMIR: Yeah, well, got people talking, didn't it?



JAKE: Mostly about how appalled they were.  I mean, you wrote a 'w' on each one of your butt cheeks, bent over, and took an incredibly high res photo of your anus so it spelled "wow". 



AMIR: Correctly. 



JAKE: Not impressive.



AMIR: But provocative, like Nike's Write The Future campaign which got people into soccer.



JAKE: Why did you build the entire thing as The World's First Non-Filipino Talent Show?



AMIR: What?



JAKE: Did you not hear me or are you actually confused?



AMIR: (Shrugs shoulders) Both I guess.



JAKE: In every e-mail you sent out, every tweet ya tweeted, every Facebook message that you bombarded everyone in the office with, you said "The World's First (Amir joins in) Non-Filipino Talent Show.



AMIR: Right...



JAKE: So you remember?



AMIR: Yeah, just to keep the Filipinos at bay.



JAKE: Why?  There's only one Filipino guy in our entire office.  Why would you call him out like that?  By the way, he's a really great juggler.



AMIR: He's alright, yeah he auditioned, he was just like, I dunno, a lot of it was stuff I've seen before; three ball, four ball, five ball...



JAKE: What were you gonna do?



AMIR: Great question!  Daily show type theatrics only a little bit eh right of center, a lot of smoke and mirrors and political potty humor stuff, with a pop culture slant geared toward skewering the left.



JAKE: That makes no sense.



AMIR: I was gonna swallow a kielbasa and puke all over the front row, like frickin' Gallagher or something.



JAKE: Alright, I used to think you were like misunderstood, but deep down a good guy



AMIR: Thank-you.



JAKE: Y'know, well let me finish



AMIR: I appreciate that.



JAKE: I appreciate that you appreciate it,



AMIR: Yeah...



JAKE: but I'm not done talking.



AMIR: I just-I really needed to hear that positive stuff because



JAKE:   Okay, well, Ii just want you to know that I'm not trying to comfort you and I might actually insult you by the time I'm done talking.



AMIR: This talent show



JAKE: You... 



AMIR: just didn't go well

JAKE: I don't think



AMIR: and like



JAKE: You are not good!



(Amir looks disappointed)



JAKE: Okay?  



AMIR: Okay.



JAKE: Okay, I'm-hey, no, look you're... Amir, you're not good, you're great, alright?  And I am here for the talent show.



(Amir smiles)



JAKE: Me and Ryan!  Ryan, get in here! 



(Filipino Ryan walks in)



(Amir looks in disbelief)



JAKE: Look at this, this kid can juggle, boy outtie!  (Laughs)



AMIR: (Laughs weakly) Get the fuck outta here, Lying Rying!  Okay?!  



JAKE: Okay, okay



AMIR: You know what this means?!  It means NOT welcome!  (Holds up flier with his anus on it)



JAKE AND RYAN: Ahhh!  Oh wow!



THE END



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9QuIfOhNZVo 

													

														[Introduction] 



Amir: Jake and Amir present: This episode. laughs 



Jake: Not that funny. 



Amir: Okay. 



[Jake is sitting at his desk, Amir walks in wearing a wet shirt]



(Jake sniffs and rolls his eyes as Amir enters)



Amir: Good morning. 



Jake: Go home! 



Amir: Good morning, I-



Jake (Interrupting Amir): Go home and shower and change. 



Amir: Good morning, I said! 



Jake: It's 2 PM and you're coming in for the first time, and you're literally dripping with cologne. 



Amir: Okay relax, Romeo. 



Jake: I don't get that reference, man. I don't know what you did, but my eyes are watering. 



Amir: I did exactly what you told me to do, Okay? One spritz. Tss Tss 



Jake: Two spritzes. 



Amir: And I walked right through, okay? 



Jake: It looks like you're wearing a cologne bib. 



Amir: Alright, you want the truth? 



Jake: I want you to leave, okay? I have a headache. 



Amir: You're spritz technique to my floor wet, okay? And I slipped and fell chest first., shattering the bottle in between my ribcage and the floor. Uh oh! 



Jake: So tend to it. Take a shower. Change your clothes. You know you smell awful, right? 



Amir: Yeah! I figured I would reek. That's why I bought another friggin' bottle, okay? Did a few more spritzes. stststststststststs Two on the wrist. Two on the wrist. One on the eyebrow, eyebrow, behind the ear, behind the ear. Head, shoulders, knees and toes, knees and toes. 



Jake: Stop! That's so many spritzes. 



Amir: Yeah, exactly! That's why my floor is wet again. slipped and fall again, this time on my back. Shattering the bottle in between my back and the floor. Uh oh! 14 years of bad luck. laughs No, I'm just kidding, that's mirrors. Laugh! Laugh at that! Okay? I don't make a lot of good jokes, I'm the first to admit it. But when I do, you gotta give me some taps. You gotta gimme that atta boy. 



Jake: Right, okay. Look man, stay calm, I'm calm. 



(Amir starts constantly interrupting Jake)



Amir: I am. 



Jake: I'm on your side-



Amir: Me too. 



Jake: Alright, let me talk-



Amir: okay. 



Jake: I just have one piece- 



Amir: Yeah. 



Jake: of advice to tell-



Amir: Tell me the advice. 



Jake: Don't do this- 



Jake and Amir: as mumble listening thing. 



Amir: I'm not. 



Jake: Okay? 



Amir: Yeah. 



Jake: Where did you even learn that technique. 



Amir: Youtube tutorial. Just tell me exactly what to do. 



Jake: Well let me finish talking. 



Amir: I'm going to. Yeah. 



Jake and Amir: mumbles talking- actively- listening thing. 



Jake: Throw away your shirt! 



(Amir's shirt is off in a flash) 



Jake: Wow! That was f***ing fast! 



Amir: Are you happy now? 



Jake: How did that happen so quickly? 



Amir: Funny you should ask. laughs (Amir starts spraying himself with body spray) I actually learned it from a homeless guy who used to sort of do this kinda stuff for nickels. You know, nickels, dimes... 



Jake: What are you doing? 



Amir: Body spray! Okay, you never said jack about body spray! 

													

														Amir: [Speaking in different voice] Welcome to a mystical....



Jake: What is that accent?!



Amir: [Normal voice] Good question, Dutch.







[Amir is sitting at his desk with his computer. Jake is walking towards his own desk holding a bowl of cereal]



Amir: [Getting up] Ohh, here we go! [Runs up to Jake]



Jake: No! Heey hey hey hey look.... Chill out! Chill out!



[Amir collides with Jake and headbutts him, sending cereal flying everywhere. Both fall to the ground in pain]



Amir: [Yelling] Ohhh, whoo!



Jake: [Yelling, with bloody nose and blood on his face] WHAT ARE YOU DOING?



Amir: What?



Jake: Am I bleeding?



Amir: No....



Jake: [Crying] I'm fucking bleeding, man?



Amir: No I don't think so, I think it was a fake out.



Jake: What are you talking about?



Amir: I barely even.... Well I went like [mimes headbutting] but I think I pulled out before I hit you, I don't think I even hit you!



Jake: God, what is wrong with you?



Amir: Don't yell at me, OK? I'm in way worse pain than you are!



Jake: Why are you in worse pain than I am? We're in the same pain!



Amir: Yeah, but I'm feeling shame, OK? So that's worse!



Jake: WHY?



Amir: Why what?



Jake: We're in the middle of a conversation man! Just listen to me! Why is shame worse?



Amir: 'Cause at least you get to be angry, OK? That's a release!



Jake: I'M IN PAIN!



Amir: I'm in pain too! Plus in addition to that I have shame and blame, OK! Triple bagger!



Jake: Well I'm in shock!



Amir: Shock numbs the pain! Shock numbs the pain!



Jake: And I have confusion! I have betrayal!



Amir: That's shock! That's all just shock!



Jake: HOW IS BETRAYAL SHOCK?



Amir: Shock's ugly cousin: betrayal. Right? That's what they say!



Jake: NO, THEY DON'T!



Amir: They do, OK? I feel remorse, so I'm on like, I'm operating on like an emotional and a physical pain, you're just feeling the physical pain!



Jake: Ohh, I am bleeding dude! At least apologize!



Amir: No way man! I'm in way worse shape than you! I would kill to just have shock!



Jake: I DON'T JUST HAVE SHOCK!



Amir: All shock and no pain make you a dull you, man!



Jake: What changed? Why do you think I have no pain?



Amir: I'd kill for just shock.....



Jake: I have loss! Remember my cereal? And I feel damp, and uncomfortable, because I'm covered in milk, and blood!



Amir: You're a small, small man!



Jake: OK now you're insulting me, so you're adding insult to injury, and correct me if I'm wrong but you don't seem to be in that much pain!



Amir: [Normal tone] Yeah.... I guess I'm just bored. Come on, let's get up.



Jake: Get away from me man.



Amir: Nah, no rest for the weary. Let's go. One time!



[Amir takes Jake's hand and pull him up, making his head hit forcefully against the underside of his desk. Jake is knocked unconscious].



Amir: [Letting go of Jake, who falls to the ground] Ookay! Whoa! Hey! You can't be mad at me 'cause I'm feeling guilt! All right? Guilt, and shock's other ugly cousin.... happy.

													

														INTRO Amir - (holding his nose) Operator. How can I direct your call?



Jake - Just do the intro



Amir - I'm sorry, wrong number.







AMIR: Hey Jake, if you wanted to hang out tonight -



JAKE: I don't. 



AMIR: Well if you did, I can't cos I'm taking a rock climbing class.



JAKE: Ok.



AMIR: But, if you wanna hang out tomorrow -



JAKE: I don't.



AMIR: I can't either.



JAKE: I didn't say I couldn't, I said I don't want to.



AMIR: Cos I'm taking a cruise around Manhattan, so....



JAKE: Real quick, you gotta stop winking at me, alright?



AMIR: We could do it Thursdayyyyy... yeahh right! Haha! Unless you actually wanted to take the ice sculpting 

class with me which should be fine cos that's sort of a two person thing...



JAKE: Why are you signing up for all these classes?



AMIR: Cos I love to learn, I love to yearn and most of all I love to make money.



JAKE: Really thought that third thing was going to rhyme.



AMIR: Yeah so did I. Tried to, failed, no big deal. It's not like you noticed.



JAKE: I did notice, I called you out on it. How much money have you spent on these "deals"?



AMIR: Spent or saved?



JAKE: Spent.



AMIR: 21,000 dollars.



JAKE: Oh my god, give me your credit card.



AMIR: But I've saved 40,000 which means I've made -



JAKE: No it doesn't.



AMIR: - 100,000.



JAKE: Bad math. Bad logic. Just cos you're saving money doesn't mean you're making money.



AMIR: Ok, this is an assault on my character.



JAKE: Yes.



AMIR: You're just jealous that you haven't signed up for dailydizzydinkydeals.com. With deals this dinky, dizzy, 

deal with ezeze wit de with deals this dizzy and dinky you'll find out... UH I forgot the slogan!



JAKE: Not your fault, man, that's a really hard slogan to remember.



AMIR: No, it is my fault, I thought of the slogan. It's my cousin's site.



JAKE: Then it is your fault, you're right.



AMIR: With deal... ok with dinky deals this daily, no with daily deals di-is oh fu-! Ah! It's like... no, it's once you 

say it once you always remember it, ok? It's like a lockbox like that.



JAKE: You must've said it once.



AMIR: Yeah I know, and I freakin' lost the lockbox too, so the metaphor doesn't hold. Don't say that the slogans 

bad.



JAKE: Ok, well chill out man, you're wasting a lot of money.



AMIR: Says the guy who dropped out of college!



JAKE: Hey, c'mon...



AMIR: Cary!



JAKE: What are you doing?



AMIR: What? I said - 



JAKE: I opened up. I confided in you.



AMIR: I was mad.



JAKE: And yeah. You're using it against me.



AMIR: I won't do that.



JAKE: How's it make me feel? 



AMIR: I -



JAKE: Bad.



AMIR: Yeah.



JAKE: Like I don't want to tell you things.



AMIR: Ok then, I won't say it anymore.



JAKE: Alright, well. Don't like get annoyed at me like I should stop lecturing you like you're - Are you still buying 

stuff?



AMIR: You don't get it man, ok? These deals are so dinky and daily that every... ok... every daily dinky deal this 

dis-



JAKE: You're not gonna remember the slogan, just don't try it.



AMIR: How about this, ok? With daily deals this dinky you'll drop out of college.



JAKE: Just drop it!



AMIR: Yeah you dropped it. You dropped out. Dropped out of school.



Jake gets up and walks away.



AMIR: Come on man, come back. Hey! I was- Don't. Thursday: me, you, ice sculpting. Don't drop out of this 

class too man!



Episode Link

													

														INTRO:

JAKE: Hey, you're watching J--

AMIR: --Hey have you seen my underwear?

JAKE: Just leave!

AMIR: I'm naked under here!

JAKE: I know!

[Jake is sitting at a table with Sarah, Cassidy, and two other women.]

SARAH: (laughing, to Jake) We are never inviting you into our room again, you only played '80s dance music!

JAKE: You say that like it's a bad thing!

SARAH: Well- (laughs)

CASSIDY: I can't use that (IS THIS EVEN A WORD???) I'm like too ADD.

SARAH: (laughing) I have the same--

AMIR: (suddenly appearing standing up beside them, almost yelling) I HAVE ADD.

(Everyone else cries out, startled)

AMIR: I have ADD, ADHD, rage.

JAKE: Where did you even come from?

AMIR: She said she had ADD, right?

JAKE: That doesn't answer my question.

CASSIDY: I said I'm "like" ADD.

AMIR: I have ADD. I have ADD, ADHD, rage,--

SARAH: Rage issues, or?--

AMIR: No, like rage, overall rage.

JAKE: Wow, every single item of clothing is backwards today, huh?

AMIR: I have panic, intestinal jaundice, webbed teeth,--

WOMAN 1: What's webbed teeth?

AMIR: Webbed teeth! (putting both index fingers by his top molars) That's when your back three molars on both sides are fused together, like that, plus two molars growing in off the roof of my mouth, sitting on my tongue, look at that. (pointing at his tongue)

JAKE: Jesus!

SARAH: So gross...

AMIR: I'm hard of tasting, hard of feeling, and guess what, I was just recently diagnosed with nasal scoliosis.

JAKE: Nasal scoliosis??

AMIR: Nasal frickin scoliosis, that's the thanks I get for being a good guy, no pat on the back, just a frickin pink slip and a diagnosis that says my nose is scoliosed.

JAKE: Nobody invited you into this room!

AMIR: I have an arthritic colon, facial cramps, and taint rosacea, which is not what it sounds like, cuz 'tis rosacea, on m'taint.

(The two other women get up and leave.)

AMIR: Oh!

JAKE: Oh, come on, girls, don't leave! We were having a nice little ladies' lunch!

AMIR: Come back! I haven't told you about my adult onset diarrhea, (laughing, turning back to Jake, Sarah, and Cassidy), you laugh, but I have that!

(Cassidy gets up and leaves, disgusted)

JAKE: No one was laughing, man, just you were laughing.

AMIR: It was funny! Ok I also have a receding anal hairline, a lung murmur, and dyslexia nervosa.

SARAH: Meaning?

AMIR: Meaning, I puke when I read and I read when I puke and I'm Popeye the Sailor Puke, TOOT TOOOOT (farts during the second "toot")

JAKE: You clearly farted during the second "toot"!

AMIR: I was with my mouth I went "TOOT TOOOOT"

JAKE: No I heard that but you also definitely farted!

SARAH: Yeah I can smell it.

AMIR: No..

JAKE: Yes--

AMIR: Nonononono

JAKE: --I can smell it too!

AMIR: It's not that!

JAKE: Stop denying it man, we can both smell it!

AMIR: It's my mouth, ok I have indigestional halitosis, here smell. (opens his mouth wide and breathes out onto them)

JAKE: (recoiling in disgust) Ohh!

(Sarah pukes onto the table)

JAKE: Oh, come on!

(Sarah wimpers)

JAKE: We were having such a nice ladies' lunch!

SARAH: (to Jake) You weren't even invited!

JAKE: I was invited!

SARAH: No.

JAKE: I was invited!

END.													

														INTRO



AMIR: (southern accent) Welcome down to the Jake and Amir barbecue. Things are getting-



JAKE: Oh my God.



AMIR: (interrupting) What?



JAKE: I hate you!



EPISODE



AMIR: (sighs) My God, look at that! Look at it!



JAKE: What?



AMIR: That guy's being so reckless with his roller bag.



JAKE: He's standing next to it.



AMIR: He's not even keeping an eye on the roller. Like, ehe!



JAKE: Chill, why do you care?



AMIR: 'Cause I'm passionate about a lot of things, OK man, and suitcase theft aint one of 'em.



JAKE: So then you don't care.



AMIR: Usually not, but like, ahh, I really feel like I gotta teach that guy a lesson or something.



JAKE: Don't teach anybody a lesson, alright, you don't know reading.



AMIR: Well I know enough to spell suitcase, Ok and that guy's not treating his with any respect.



JAKE: Spell suitcase.



AMIR: Swy, U, I, D, K, A, A, Y, C, E!



JAKE: (As Amir is spelling) Wrong, wrong, you're wrong, you're so quickly wrong, you're wrong right off the bat don't fight me on it, Ok? Stop yelling.



AMIR: Ok, if I can jack that guy's suitcase will you admit that I'm right?



JAKE: About what, the spelling?



AMIR: About (brief pause) everything!



JAKE: Ok, no, because none of the letters were correct, and also, you know, he's not being that reckless with his suitcase 'cause he's standing pretty close to it, in a building, with security, surrounded by regular, employed adults.



AMIR: That cool cat thinks he can hot dog.



JAKE: Great, you've stopped listening to me.



AMIR: I'm about to go kangaroo jack his roller backpack. (chuckles)



JAKE: Bad joke-



AMIR: Shh!



JAKE: Alright.



(Amir gets up and runs, grabbing the suitcase)



AMIR: Sneak attack!



(Man immediately grabs it as well)



MAN: Hey!



AMIR: Hey, Ok, you just failed the reckless test, sir, that's right I could've jacked this if you weren't keeping a close eye on it.



MAN: Let it go.



(Amir lets go)



AMIR: Why? So you can just turn a blind eye to all your belongings? What's in there? Open it up!



MAN: No!



AMIR: Alright. Just (brief pause) cool it!



MAN: Don't talk to me, don't touch my things.



AMIR: I won't. If you promise me, you gotta promise me, right now, that you're gonna-



MAN: Go fuck yourself!



AMIR: I'm going. Alright, I'm going to fuck myself, sir, but you gotta admit-



MAN: Leave!



AMIR: You learned a lesson-



MAN: Leave!



AMIR: Lesson learned, right, hey! (to Jake) You takin' notes here? Ya fat cow!



JAKE: You know, you left your wallet, open, on your desk. 



AMIR: What? Whatever.



JAKE: You have cash spilling out of the back of your jeans.



AMIR: (Turning around, dropping cash) What-ever, I said! (Reaches for bag again) Sneak attack, number two.



(Man grabs it back)



MAN: Hey!



AMIR: Oh, whoa, whoa, whoah-



MAN: I told you-



AMIR: Oh-ho, yeah.



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO



AMIR: (Singing The Pink Panther theme song)



JAKE: Just say our names!



AMIR: It's The Pink Panther theme!







(Amir is taking pictures of Jake with a disposable camera)



JAKE: (Rolls eyes)  Hey can you...



(Amir pulls film out of camera)



JAKE: You have to develop film, you know?  You're destroying it.  



AMIR: (Unrolling film) Not that you care.



JAKE: You know what?  I don't, because I don't want a scrapbook.   



AMIR: (Takes film and wraps it around the book) Not a scrapbook, okay?  A memory book.



JAKE: You've called it a scrapbook, like, fifteen times since you got here.  Look at the cover.  (Gestures towards the book)



AMIR: Ohhhhhh (Covers the 'Scrap' part of the "Scrapbook" title with his hand)



JAKE: That doesn't change what it says. 



AMIR: Okay, sorry for tying to commemorate your three year, five month, nine week



JAKE: A couple more months then.



AMIR: anniversary!



JAKE: (Shakes head)  Let me see it.



(Amir takes film off of book and hands it to Jake)



JAKE: (Looking at book)  Wow there are baby pictures in here



AMIR: (Sarcasm)  Ouuu



JAKE: of both of us somehow



AMIR: (Sarcasm) Big whoop.



JAKE: It is a big whoop, it's a huge whoop; you made us slow dancing.  



AMIR: Photoshop.



JAKE: Jesus, both of our families at Disney Land together?  Our dads are kissing!  Why would you do that?



AMIR: It's funny.



JAKE: You in high school with Dane Cook.



(Real picture of Amir and Dane Cook is shown in the scrapbook)



AMIR: (Making Su-Fi hand sign) The Dane Train!  ((Puts hand down) Haha (Brings hand up) Su-fi. 



JAKE: Why would you even want to include this in my scrapbook?



AMIR: Alright, keep flipping and you'll find yourself a chapter two: The Noticed Unoticed.



JAKE: Don't narrate it, please.



AMIR: Basically, me in the background of all your important life events: your birth, your Bar Mitzvah, your Quinceaera. 



JAKE: (Flipping though scrapbook) Didn't have a QuinceaeraOh (Sees  Quinceaera picture) I did.



AMIR: Yeah.



JAKE: Very nice.



AMIR: That's at Chili's too.



JAKE: In an airport.



AMIR: Yeah, LaGuardia.



JAKE: Got it.



AMIR: Look at that nice pink dress.



JAKE: Hey, Man, bad news.



AMIR: What?



JAKE: New rule: if I flip this next page, you're a nerd.  



AMIR: (Laughs nervously) ...What?



JAKE: Yeah, I just have to flip this next page and you're a nerd.



AMIR: So don't do it.  (More nervous laughter)



JAKE: But I really wanna see the other pictures.



AMIR: (Panic) I-k-k-k-k-know, but it's not worth it. 



JAKE: It's worth it to me.



AMIR: No! (Throws film cap at Jake and misses) Hey!



JAKE: Hey, hey, hey (About to flip page)



AMIR: N-N-N-N-N-NO, NO!



JAKE: (Flips page fully) Oh god!  You're a nerd now!  



AMIR: (Facepalming) NO!



JAKE: (Flipping page again) Sorry that you're not(Sees next page and rolls eyes) You Photoshopped a vagina onto yourself and you're masturbating?  



AMIR: (Takes palm off face) Is that a question or?



JAKE: (Slams down scrapbook between their desks)



AMIR: So you're just done?



JAKE: I'm done! 



THE END



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1lYb0pTL1M

													

														Amir: You must be a clock, 'cause you're watching, Jake and Amir! [Laughs] That made sense!



Jake: [Interjecting] Whoa, bad!







[Amir is sitting at his desk typing on his keyboard. Jake comes down and sits at his own desk]



Jake: [Sitting] Ohh, Whoa! Any idea why I went to the bathroom and I came back and have 31 emails?



Amir: 'Cause you had to take a shit? I mean, like, I'm not gonna keep track....



Jake: No, I mean any idea why I got all these emails? Each one is a Facebook notification!



Amir: No idea! But in case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and good night!



Jake: 31 comments, all made in the last two and a half minutes, on a picture of us that you uploaded.



Amir: Truman show....



Jake: Got it, do any of these sound familiar? [Reading] "Really thinking about making this my Facebook profile pic, somebody please please talk me into it."



Amir: Not gonna do it! [Laughs]



Jake: Sounds like you DO wanna do it, 'cause you respond to your own comment with, "Will somebody give me the confidence to make this my prof pic? Spiritually, I'm an ox [Amir mimes being an ox], I'm ready to make the move. Emotionally, I'm nowhere near where I need to be." [Amir shakes his head] Then you reply, again: I'm in tears [Amir mimes crying], I'm a baby in each one of your arms, let me suckle on your tit and drink that sweet sweet confidence juice." [Amir mimes suckling] None of those words, not a single one, was spelled correctly! [Amir mimes having milk run down his chin] You respond, AGAIN to your own comment, "You know what? Gotta trust your gut sometime, go fuck yourself society, [Amir puts up a middle finger] this picture is a huge middle finger pointed at each and every one of you, [Amir moves his hand around to give the finger to several imaginary people] and guess what? Don't worry 'cause that middle finger is up your ass and around the corner!" [Amir demonstrates this by moving his finger up and around the corner] Then society SHOULD worry....



[Amir is shown miming suckling again]



Jake: Then you comment, ONE more time, "Didn't have el huevos to pull the trigger, wow I am a weak ass nerd!"



Amir: Yeah, I AM a weak ass nerd.



Jake: HOW are you this insecure?



Amir: I just didn't wanna switch it up to something [shrugs] unpopular.



Jake: Right, 'cause your current picture of Calvin pissing on a picture of A-Rod kissing Cameron Diaz at the Super Bowl is really popular.



Amir: OK, yeah, it was at the time!



Jake: STOP talking in that NASALLY, GRATING voice!



[Amir is miming suckling again]



Jake: Alright, I feel myself getting angry and worked up, and my therapist says to not let this stuff affect me, so I'm just gonna unsubscribe from Facebook notifications, shut my eyes, and count to ten.... One....



Amir: Fortune favors the bold!



Jake: ....Two.... that is NOT a smart thing to say right now, but ha haa! I DON'T care! I'm smiling, my brain thinks I'm happy! I'm fine! Three four! Five...



Amir: Rest assured....



Jake: [Visibly agitated] .... Yeah! Usually people say something else after they say "rest assured," but I don't care! Not at all! Six! Seven, eight!



Amir: Nah.... they don't....



Jake: YES! THEY DO! OK, it's fine, it shouldn't DOESN'T bother me! Nine!



Amir: Glue.



Jake: GLUE! YEAH! TEN! Great! OK, THIRTY ONE MORE EMAILS!



Amir: I need the huevos, man! I'm sorry, but I still needed 'em! Check the pic!



Jake: First comment, from YOU: "Shitty profile change!"



Amir: I shouldn't have done it!

													

														Intro



JAKE: You're watching Jake and, wow, your nose is bleeding a lot.



AMIR: OH, barely...



[titles]



AMIR: Hey bud, good news, bad news. Which one you want first?



JAKE: No news.



AMIR: Well no news is good news so we'll start with the bad. My dad is pissed at us, and this time, it is earned.



JAKE: What?



AMIR: OK, but the good news is he doesn't have a reason to be as pissed as he is.



JAKE: You said it was earned.



AMIR: He's steaming like hot shit on a plate of ice, but the good news is-



JAKE: You just said the good news.



AMIR: The good news is he don't matter, cause we don't care.



JAKE: I care.



AMIR: You should, because he's mostly pissed at you.



JAKE: I didn't do anything.



AMIR: Well, you were kind of a bitch to his mom in that letter you wrote that I wrote for you.



JAKE: I didn't write a letter!



AMIR: Tell that to my dad.



JAKE: I want to.



AMIR: I wouldn't, not right now atleast, he probably wouldn't even talk to you, because he's sorta paying out of pocket for that whole giraffe rental thing.



JAKE: I didn't rent a giraffe.



AMIR: Tell that to my dad, man.



JAKE: I wanna tell him everything!



AMIR: Sorry, but you gotta take a hit on that, ok?



JAKE: It sounds like i'm taking a hit on everything.



AMIR: Untrue! ok i'm taking a hit on the duck thing, the high school track fiasco thing, and the second duck thing.



JAKE: Take a hit on all the things!



AMIR: No way, because the orphanage thing, that wasn't even my idea.



JAKE: It wasn't mine!



AMIR: Well, it kinda stemmed from the first duck thing which, correct if i'm wrong you said you'd take the hit on.



JAKE: No, you are wrong, you said you were gonna take the hit on it.



AMIR: No, I said the second duck thing.



JAKE: You said both. You said the first duck thing, the high school track thing and the second duck thing.



AMIR: Listen man, we're in this together right now ok, our lives are like we're intertwined.



JAKE: Why am I getting a phone call?



AMIR: Is that from Venezuela?



JAKE: I don't think so, it's a local number.



AMIR: Yeah that's Venezuela. laughs He's a transvestite bouncer at bar we, let's just say we burned it down last night.



JAKE: What did we actually do?



AMIR: We burned it down last night.



JAKE: Awesome alright stop talking to me because I don't want to be implicated any more than I already am



CHICKEN MAN: speaks question in asian language holding a roast duck

AMIR: Ohhh, right.



JAKE: Lemme guess, the duck thing.



AMIR: Very wrong, the second duck thing.



JAKE: So not very wrong.



CHICKEN MAN: yelling at Jake in asian language for rest of video



JAKE: I- what 



AMIR: OH woah woah woah ok-



JAKE: You're mad at him! You're mad at him, not me! Hey I didn't do anything!



AMIR: It's fine it's fine it's fine!



[END]

													

														Amir: You're watching Jake and Amir, (in bad witch voice) my pretties.  



Jake: What is that?  



Amir: I'm a witch!  



Jake: Got it.    







[Jake and Amir walk in and sit down at Jakes desk]  



Jake: Alright, let me explain the economic crisis to you, so you don't embarrass yourself in another meeting.   



Amir: Ok, I thought I handled myself with gravity and poise.  



Jake: You took out a hundred dollar bill, lit it on fire, and then tried to light a cigar with it; you failed, you burned yourself pretty badly, and you burned Karen really badly.



Amir: Ok, she was loving it.  



Jake: She was already upset because she lost half of her retirement fund in the last three months.  



Amir: Yeah, that's what you get for investing in cock futures.



Jake: She didn't invest in cock futures, ok? nobody is inve.. What is a cock future?  



So the government needed to raise the debt ceiling in order to pay back billions of dollars in foreign loans. (interrupted by Amir)  



Amir: Woah woah slow down I wasn't listening.  



Jake: Slow down or you weren't listening?



Amir: What's the difference?



Jake: Well one implies you were giving some effort but I was just talking too fast, the other one is just that you're being an asshole Interrupted by Amir  



Amir: Woah woah slow down!  



Jake: So it was the second one?  



Amir: Second WHAT!  



Jake: You then rolled up a hundred dollar bill, shoved it in Karens ear and lit the tip of it on fire, screaming Enjoy this ear candle you dumb bitch, it's half the price of a cock future and unlike you it's guaranteed to blow smoke up my ass. 



Amir: Yeah, which got a huge laugh.



Jake: A lot of people tried to tackle you.  



Amir: So why doesn't Obama just like cut a check and call it a day?  



Jake: You think Obama would be the one to cut a check? Amir shrugs They needed more than a Trillion dollars.



Amir: Oh a trillion. Which is?  



Jake: A thousand billion



Amir: Right. Which is?



Jake: A thousand million, which is a thousand thousand, which is a thousand dollars, which is how much four chicken nuggets cost.  



Amir: Got it. (Amir attempts to throw a chicken nugget into his mouth but misses)



Jake: Where did you get that?

(Amir making a weird face while Jake talks) Security came to escort you out; you got down on your hands and knees and begged Karen for just one of her cock futures, you said: I'm sure my dad would be disappointed to see me grovelling, but the look in his eyes when I show him I'm the certified owned of a cock future, would surely erase 28 years of disapproval.  



Amir: I'm a coward and a fool! .. I feel like the word staunch was co opted by the right, I mean like you can be a staunch Republican, but you can't be a staunch Democrat? like who made those rules   (Jake interrupts)  



Jake: You can be a staunch Democrat  (Amir interrupts jake)



Amir: I don't interrupt you, ok, I don't interrupt your stand ups so don't interrupt mine, sorry but..  



Jake: You do interrupt me a lot, not necessarily during my stand up  (Amir interrupts)



Amir: Name one time I interrupted you.  



Jake: You're interrupting me right now 



Amir: Name one time!



Jake: It's happening right now  (*Amir interrupting: I defy YOU *), this is interruption!



Amir: I feel like we don't need money if everyone just decided to use..(Jake interrupts)  



Jake: I know, Chucky Cheese tokens instead of money, right, you said that maybe too much during the meeting.  



Amir: [Tickles Jake] Are you ticklish?  



Jake: Yes, I'm very ticklish but your hands are so cold, and wet and clammy that I'm just grossed out..

You then pissed yourself, and you were dragged out of the meeting a second time, while you were screaming The audacity of NOPE, which sounds like some weird tea party slogan. 



Amir: I'm a member.  



Jake: [Amir tries tickling jake again] Yeah, like that feels like I'm being poked with cold crab claws.  



Amir: [Holding up a 100$ bill and trying to burn it with a lighter while Jake tries to stop him] Alright come on, just let go man.  



Jake: You did not learn your lesson yet. That'll be 300$ on the day!

Ok, then so even though the debt ceiling was raised, our credit rating dropped so the stocks tanked.  



Amir: Yeah, that's why I keep my money in a freaking box, man.  



Jake: That's not smart.  



Amir: Yeah, well didn't you lose money this year?  



Jake: Yes.  



Amir: .. and in 2008?  



Jake: Right i did but...   



Amir: Well my box didn't depreciate in value, ok, I actually made more money investing in Nothing [laughs].  



Jake: Fine, where's your box?  



Amir: Here's a quiz.. I lost it.  



Jake: So then from inside the meeting we heard you threaten to make your face red until you passed out, which I guess you did, because then nobody heard from you for 30 minutes.  



Amir: Yeah, which felt like like a second on my end.  



Jake: Right, because you had stopped breathing.  



Amir: For like a second on my end.  



Jake: Yes, on your end, but like for 30 minutes in real life.  



[Amir tries to flick his fingers]  



Jake: Booyakasha?  



Amir: Borat, yeah. Ok, so how do you know so much?  



Jake: Newspapers, alright, it's not hard to stay informed; you read an hour a day, New York Times, Wall Street Journal..  



Amir: How do you actually know so much?  



Jake: Daily show..(Amir: got it) I watch the Colbert Report.  



Amir: Yeah.. Comedy shows.



The End



Video Link

													

														Opening Sequence



Jake: You're watching JaOW what was that?!



Amir: A thumbtack, relax.



Jake: Oh, my eye!







Episode



(Vikram and Cassidy are eating nuggets at Amir's desk when Jake comes in)



Jake: Woah woah woah, hey! You guyswhat the hell are you guys doing?! Get out of here! (They scurry off) Those are Amir's, leave them 

alone!



(Amir comes in)



Amir: What are Amir's?



Jake: Hey, buddy. Take a walk with me.



Amir: Okay. Lemme just grab my lunch.



Jake: No no no nodon't go over there.



Amir: Why not?



Jake: It's about your lunch.



Amir: Yeah, left it on my desk.



Jake: It's not there.



Amir: Yeah it is, I left it there.



Jake: It's gone, alright. Somebody ate it.



Amir: Come on, this isn't funny anymore.



Jake: I'm not trying to be funny, alright. It's not gonna be there.



Amir: Let go of me, man! Lemme go get my lunch!



Jake: Your lunch isn't there, man!



Amir: What are you talking about? What happened to it? What happend to it?!



Jake: It's gone! Somebody ate it!



Amir: No. No! No way. No, no no fuck me.



Jake: Amir, it's alright, look. We're gonna get you new nuggets, okay man? Get you some new nuggets.



Amir: You can't get me new nuggets, man! Okay, those were dark meat, thigh meat. I bought in 1998 wholesale before they were 

discontinued. Alright? Those were aged 13 years to perfection, I deep fried them this morning! Who did this?!



Jake: It's not important who did it. Alright, just let them



Amir: Don't tell me what's important. Who did this?



(Jake glances at Vikram and Cassidy)



Jake: I did it. It was me.



(Amir follows Jake's gaze to Vikram and Cassidy)



Jake: Hey. Look at me, don't do anything stupid, alright? Hey, man!



(Amir goes over to Vikram and Cassidy, and lifts Vikram, who still has nuggets in his mouth, against the wall)



Amir: Is that my nuggets in there? Is that my nuggets in there?!



(Pieces of nugget fall out of Vikram's mouth and Amir eats them. Cassidy pukes at the sight, and Amir turns around and eats her puke.)



Jake: What are you doing?!



Amir: Just taking back what's rightfully mine.



Jake: Was that worth it?



Amir: You know what? No. Kinda just mostly tasted like puke.



Cassidy: You ate my puke.



Amir: In your dreams, sweetheart.



Jake: No, in reality.



Amir: I know.



Jake: What were you thinking?



Amir: I know, I said!

													

														

(The staff is gathered in the conference room)

Paul: Alright, alright, thanks for coming in everybody. Now obviously we don't have these all-hands meetings very often,  but this is pretty important. As a lot of you guys can remember, about a year and a half ago, one of our developers Kunal Shaw, was killed in a bus accident. Now I know a lot of you have guys have gone to grief-therapy and I honestly just wanted to open up the dialogue, Amir can you get up?

Paul: Amir, can you get up?

Amir: ..I'm plancking

Paul: Would you please show some respect?

Amir: You're not respecting me..

Paul: You don't earn my respect, you're acting like a child

Amir: Respect the planck Sir, or I'll make you walk it..

Paul: I'm not going to walk the planck

Amir:..meetee

Paul: I'm not!

Amir: Gnarrr!

Jake: hey, buddy..

Amir: tsaahh! touch me again and i'll scream

Jake: What you're doing right now is worse than screaming

Patrick: And also you are screaming.

Girl: starts crying

Amir: Wow, okay someone's laughing

Jake: no, they're crying

Amir: It's not that funny, well maybe it is, I don't know ,I don't have a good vantage point

Jake: They're not laughing so hard that they're crying, they're just crying, somebody died.

Amir: Yeah, your sense of humor.. hahahha

Jake: No, Kunal

Amir: Here's a party tip, Y'all just committed a party foul, you're all arrested for disturbing the planck

Paul: Okay, I'm just going to power it throught here, the reason why I invited Kunal's family here.. *Amir, would you sit down?

Amir: I'm owling okay, you never said jack about owling

Paul: I never said anything about plancking, I'm asking you to sit down!

Amir: You just dug your own grave

Paul: What a mean reference to use!

Amir:Well great Paul, thanks for throwing me under the bus

(everybody in the room frowns)

Amir: That one was unpurpose, okay and I'm sorry.. jesus lighten up!

Girl: crying

Amir: Is she laughing? ..she's laughing.

end



													

														Opening Sequence



Amir: (Singing) You're watching Jake and Amir.



Jake: Wow.



Amir: Theme song!



Jake: No.



Amir: So.







Episode



(Amir walks into work wearing a bloody hospital gown (with shorts underneath))



Amir: Another day



Jake: Go back



Amir: at the races lemme finish.



Jake: Go back to the hospital.



Amir: Thanks, but no thanks. I'd rather take my chances with the lung murmur, and the spleen thingamajig, and my third and fourth 

infected nipple.



Jake: That's not intelligent. Sounds like you have a lot of health issues.



Amir: You know what the big issue is? I have a fear of commitment. As in I can't committo getting a shot.



Jake: Sounds like you're afraid of getting shots.



Amir: I'm not a pussy!



Jake: You're not intelligent. You have a lot of health issues and you're forgoing treatment.



Amir: Okay, let me put it this way: would you let a doctor buttf**k you?



Jake: That couldn't have



Amir: Answer the question.



Jake: You're clearly



Amir: Would you let a doctor buttf**k you?



Jake: Was that happening at your hospital?



Amir: I wasn't gonna take the risk! Okay, that's why I flew over the cuckoo's nest! You're looking at one Get out of Jail Free tard 

[sic]. And guess what? This one? It's for real.



Jake: Why tack that on at the end of the sentence?



Amir: What?



Both in unison: This one's for real.



Amir: Yeah, it's for real!



Jake: I was on board with the Get out of Jail Free tard, that was sorta clever.



Amir: Yeah.



Jake: But you didn't get out of jail for free.



Amir: I'm not gonna let some quack in a van hack me up in a can for fifty bucks. No way, that's not me, okay? And this one's for real.



Jake: Tell you what: I'm just gonna know everything you say from now on is gonna be for real.



Amir: It's for real, yeah.



Jake: Yeah, so don't say it anymore.



Amir: Okay.



Jake: I'm not saying you should let somebody hack you up in a van.



Amir: Okay well, Tranlyn comes in with a fricking t



Jake: Stop, I can already tell you're having Leron's friends operate on you.



Amir: Try nottry not 'peratingor noperting on mehe's not operating



Jake: Yeah I got



Amir: try not-perat



Jake: Time's up, you're not gonna bring the pun home.



Amir: I'm gonna get there, okay!



Jake: You tried



Amir: I'm gonna nail it! How's that for funny?



Jake: I don't think it would have been funny even if you did nail it.



Amir: I was gonna nail it.



Jake: No, nailing it is like getting it right the first time.



Amir: Right.



Jake: So there's no way you could have nailed it.



Amir: Okay, well I'm sorry I'm not good with wordplay right now, but I'm kinda... I'm bleeding out, man.



Jake: What?



Amir: I faked the anesthesia! Yeah! I blew into the tube instead of sucking in, alright? First sign of a cut I start squealing like a 

pig in the mud.



Jake: Oh my god.



Amir: I'm down to yell Gotcha!, but turns out it hurt like a bleach. So the yolk's on me, and this time



Jake: It's for real. Yeah, okay.



Amir: Exactly right. So I start picking out the IVs, right, squirting blood on the one get well card that I made for myself. How 

embarrassing is that? Then I leap out of the chair, knock Tranlyn's head together with a nurse's, they're concussed, and I hop out of 

the van unscathed.



Jake: You're bleeding from so many parts of your body.



Amir: I'm a little bit scathed, okay. But once I get this (Lifts up his gown to show a cut in his side) thing closed up, I'll be fine.



Jake: Oh my god! No!



Amir: What? It's much worse than it looks.

													

														INTRO 



Amir - Please allow me to introduce myself, my name is Amir Valerie Blumenfeld...



Jake - No time for rapping.



Amir - Ok.



EPISODE



Hoodie - 2, 3, 4...



Jake - Nothin' makes me laugh more than the geico lizard, I like Gandalf cause he's a tilf...



Hoodie - Stop.



Jake - ...wizard. Dude, I was about to drop a fucking BOMB, you gotta let me finish!



Hoodie - I gave you 2 hours to write man, the best you have is nothing makes me laugh more than the geico lizard?



Jake - He's funny ok, he's british, he has this one spot where he's like...



Amir - Whoa whoa whoa, what's going on here? Why is Hoodie Allen, my rap teacher, talking to you?



Jake - He's preparing me for battle, bitch.



Amir - So you want to rap battle me?



Jake - I thought you'd never ask.



Hoodie - You said you guaranteed he would ask, at some point...



Jake - Shut up Hoodie, drop a beat.



Hoodie - No.



Jake - Fair enough. Anybody else, give me a beat.



Amir - (starts beatboxing)



Jake - Unh unh yoooo unh Here it is, one time, give it up collegehumor



Jake and Hoodie - 3, 2, 1, OHHHHH



Jake - shiiitt, naaahhh, here it is homie, unh unh



Hoodie - You gotta rap man. 



Jake - I'm hyping everybody up, oh my god. You were making me so nervous with the countdown, just give me a beat.



Amir - (Fine)



Jake - ...don't countdown... A beat, box, a beat beat box, look at your socks, 

what's up doc? it's a geico spot, it's the funniest one yet, he's wearing his sunglasses, he can't stop the laughin'...



Rosie - BOOOO. 



Jake - Shut up Rosie alright, you're next ok and I'm gonna be without ruth to you.



Murph - YOU SUCK.



Jake - Alright, that's it, I'm going after Murph. My name is Byron Murphy, I wear socks and shoes up on my feet, salad for lunch? I don't think so...



Amir - (Starts to walk away)



Jake - Alright, that's it, winner by forfeit. Look at me, here we go.



Amir - You know your raps sound like a thousand screams from dirty little noobs, and your face looks like a scraggly mess of dirty little pubs, and your face as dumb as aardvark cum, so come on down and GET YOU SOME. (Dumps white liquid onto Jake's face).



Everyone - OHHHHHHH.



Jake - OH MY GOD.



Hoodie - Are you a guy or a girl? I gotta stop guessin', man you don't even pay, for your rap lessons!



Murph - YO YOU'RE A PUSSY ASS BITCH WITH A PUSSY ASS DICK.



Jake - EH EH, Alright, epic fail, on all accounts, ok? (points at Murph) don't push me, (points at Amir) where did you get aarkvark cum? Fuck it, Hoodie, gimme a beat. I'm tearin' you all down.



Hoodie - No.



Jake - Fine, fuck it, I'll go acapella. Whooooaaaa for the longest SNATCH... Heh, i'll hold for the applause.



Murph - (pulls down Jake's pants)



Jake - AH hey hey!



Amir - Why are you not wearing underwear?



Jake - YOUR DICK IS SMALL.



Amir - I didn't say your dick was small.



Murph - (starts pushing Jake)



Jake - Hey, stop pushing me, dude, i'm not strong, allright? Ahh.



EPISODE LINK



Checklist for Episodes

													

														Opening Sequence



Jake: Hey, you're watching JakeI'm not ticklish, so stop.



Amir: Hee hee hee hee!



Jake: That's you.







Episode



(Amir is blending, quite loudly)



Jake: Hey. Hey. Hey!



Amir: I can't hear you!



Jake: Stop blending!



(Amir stops blending)



Amir: What's up?



Jake: Nothing to yell over now, right?



Amir: Oh yeah.



Jake: Yeah, well, I want you to stop



(Amir starts blending again)



Jake: Dude! Please!



(Amir stops blending)



Amir: What?



Jake: What are you doing?



Amir: You know how you're always telling me to blend stuff? Like, blender!.



Jake: I've told you to shower, I've told you to stop being mean to children, I've asked you repeatedly to learn words like dollop and 

gimmick and gregarious cause you don't know what words mean...



Amir: Blend! Blend this!



Jake: Never, ever, have I ever mentioned a blender to you!



(Amir starts blending again)



Jake: Cool!



Amir: I'm listening!



Jake: You're blending again!



(Amir stops blending)



Jake: Why blending?



Amir: It's healthy.



Jake: What's in there?



Amir: French fries, chicken nuggets, bacon, low-fat Hagen-Dazs, and oh yeaha dollop of mayo. (Puts a dollop of mayo in the blender) 

This is gross to some.



Jake: It's gross to all. I think I'm gonna puke.



Amir: Do it in the blender!



Jake: Aw, come on.



Amir: It's funny, if you would have told me three years ago that I'd be here, blendingI would have burnt you at the stake for being a 

witch. But, you would have been right.



Jake: Hey hey hey, look. If you have any respect for me, for yourself, you will not drink that.



Amir: Bottoms up.



(Amir chugs a glass of the liquid)



Jake: You okay?



Amir: I'm good.



Jake: That was good?



Amir: That was kosher.



Jake: You sure you're alright? You look a little



Amir: I'm blind.



Jake: What?



Amir: I'm blind, yeah, it got, like, darker and blurrier the more I drank, and then by the endI'm blind, 100%!



Jake: Why would have kept drinking?!



Amir: I thought it was a gimmic or something!



Jake: You have to start learning words, man.



Amir: What's the point, I can't frikking see!



Jake: Okay, relax. I'm gonna induce vomiting. Okay?



Amir: How?



Jake: I'm gonna come over there and stick my finger down your throat until you throw up.



Amir: Donhave you left yet?



Jake: Alright, here we go. (Sticks his finger in Amir's mouth) Let it up. Let it up, baby. Come on! Come on, you gotta let it up! Come 

on! You wanna see? Let it up!



(Amir removes Jake's finger from his mouth)



Amir: It's fine, okay? I can see! I got my vision back by the time you got over here.



Jake: Then why would you let me do that?!



Amir: I wanted to see if you were gregarious. Ohhh! Turns out? Ya were.



(Amir pukes)



Jake: Aw, aw!



Amir: We puked! Who saw us puke?



Jake: I didn't puyou just puked!



Amir: We did it!

													

														INTRO:



AMIR: Hey you're watching J-A-K---



JAKE: Say it!



AMIR: --Say it, I know, I'm going to.







[Jake and Amir are sitting on a couch, talking to the camera.]



JAKE: Hey guys, cool news. Me and Amir came out with a thirty-minute special, which you can watch now on CollegeHumor or Facebook for only three bucks, or you can buy the DVD today, by going to CollegeHumor.com/JakeAndAmirFired.



AMIR: That's right, and all proceeds.. go to me! (laughs)



JAKE: That's not true.



AMIR: (to Jake) What- you promised!



JAKE: When?!



AMIR: I'm- Not yet, but I was gonna make ya! (tickles Jake)



JAKE: (pushing Amir away) Heyheyhey, don't touch me. (to the cameraman) Cut. (to Amir) Don't touch me, right?







JAKE: (to the cameraman) Hey, Jon, can I see your frame? (he looks at the presumably turned-around viewscreen.) [Can] You punch in, just a little bit? (The camera zooms in slightly.) Perfect, thank you.



AMIR: So it wasn't perfect.



JAKE: It wasn't; he adjusted it; and now it is.



AMIR: AKA, he's bad at his job!



JAKE: He's good at his job. Please just relax.



AMIR: I will relax, but.. somebody's getting spanked!







JAKE: (to the camera) Most of all, we're excited for you guys, our fans, to see it. We really think you're gonna love it.



AMIR: Yeah, and yet every single one of you hates it. How do you think that makes us feel?--



JAKE: (to Amir) Why are you saying people hate it?



AMIR: Cuz,- I'm insecure.



JAKE: Right, I know.



AMIR: Hhhh. So you just agree with me, right? Is that what everybody's saying behind my back, that I'm insecure?







AMIR: (to the cameraman) Hey boy, what's your social security number, huh? Because I wanna know why you can't get the frame right!



JAKE: (to Amir) Don't call him boy, alright? Let's just get started.



AMIR: I wanna get started, but I wanna know why homeboy over here can't do his job!



JAKE: He is doing his job! You're not doing your job!



AMIR: No, my job is to bring the ruckus.



JAKE: No, your job is to promote the special.



AMIR: No, your job is to promote the special, ok; my job is to bring the ruckus!



JAKE: Stop saying ruckus--



AMIR: Ruckus, yeah.







AMIR: (to the cameraman) Boy? Last four digits of your soc' (pronounced sOHsh), right now; I'm gonna st- I'm gonna jack your I.D.!







JAKE: (to the camera) It was a real group effort, and we're really proud of everybody that helped make it happen.



AMIR: (sarcastically, with air quotes) Yeah, group effort. (laughs)



JAKE: ...It was.



AMIR: (sarcastically) Yeah, ok--







AMIR: (to the cameraman) Hey boy? Can you zoom in on this? (holds up a middle finger) Or zoom in on this, huh! (lifting his pelvis up off the couch and holding his extended middle finger up next to it) You're holding up the process!



JAKE: (to Amir) YOU are holding up the process.--



AMIR: (to Jake, in a whiny voice) He held it up first, he didn't say jack! Now I'm bringing the ruckus, and it's a big deal!







JAKE: (to the camera) So, download or-- Download- ths- ah, sorry.



AMIR: (to Jake) EEgh! (buzzer sound) Time's up, Jon Bon Joovi, ok! Why don't you let a real pro handle it?



JAKE: Fine.



AMIR: (to the camera) So download thz-- Aerrh, So download th-- blalbl-Ah-blalblalblablah--







AMIR: GET the VDD t-eblalblalbla-- Get the VDDdiday, eheh sorry, from the top?







AMIR: GET the VDD zalblalblalbla. I keep on saying deblalblalblalblalblalbblal--







AMIR: (bouncing) GET the DVD-- elblalblalblalbla. Get the VDD d-blalblalblalblalblallea I keep on saying eblalblalblalblalbLEAh.







AMIR: So get the VDD-- blalblalblalbl. (mocking himself speaking too quickly, to Jake) Get the VDdllelblebl. Get the Vedleblebl. No, three, two, one:--







AMIR: So GET the VDd-edledlahh. Sorry. GET the DVD-- Gah! GET the VDD d- nonono, getthevdidididi (laughing) I'm like eahlealhl, mouth's talking a mile a minute, ok (grabs Jake's arm and shushes him) SHH! SHH! Three, two--



JAKE (as Amir is talking): Chill out, you have to chill out, you haey gon (mumbles) --you're losing your shit!







AMIR: So get the VDDdiday, aelahdi, GET the DVDdiday, (laughing) EhuelahalDIDEDEDEDH, I'm like ewlelelblelelelblAHAh,- three, two, one:--







AMIR: So GET the VDDdiday, aelelblehl sorry, Get the DVD d- It sounds like a DIDIDIDIDIDDE, it's like a DIDIDIDID, Sorry,- three, two,--







AMIR: DIDIDIDIDIDEL--







AMIR: So GET the VDDdiday, saelhedlidledla, GET the DVDtiday, kizitidididid-it sounds like a machine gun-diDIdididididay. (grabbing Jake's arm) Sorry, three, two, one:--







AMIR: --Tideh--



JAKE: Relax, take a breath, no rush, you're fine; don't work yourself up. (gestures towards the camera).



AMIR: (much more calmly and slowly) Get the VDD t- WOW.



JAKE: Wow--







AMIR: GET the DVDdiday! (to Jake) kidizayAh, I dunno, it's- just doesn't sound right--



JAKE: (getting frustrated) You slow it down!--



AMIR: --Sound! Yeah I know, but I'm trying to--



JAKE: Get the DVD today!



AMIR: --thay. GidiDVDdiday. It sounds like a (mimes shooting a machine gun) GIDIDIDIDAY! Let me say it the way I wanna say it. (to the camera) Get the VDD- WOW. Three, two, one: Get the VDD-- (looks as though he's going to slam his hand down on the couch in frustration)







JAKE: We're ne--



AMIR: Ki- ThreeTwoOne, (puts his hand on Jake's arm) Get the VDD t- sorry. ThreeTwoOne--



JAKE: We'll d- use the play-- Don't touch me, I'm really s--







AMIR: Still not a mess-up, keep rolling--



JAKE: It is a mess-up!







AMIR: (to Jake) I'm only messing up to make you feel not as bad. (to the cameraman) Ok can I have the script, please, boy?



JAKE: You know, I only messed up once, so I don't feel very bad.--



AMIR: Yeah well I feel pretty bad! (to the cameraman) Boy (snaps), script, please!



CAMERAMAN: There's no real script.



AMIR: (to Jake) Hhh, there's no real s- okay, (to the cameraman) Failure! You're a failured.



END.







(FIRED AD)

													

														Rick Fox: (with one egg in each eye socket) One rooster, one chick. (kisses eggs together) smooch I'm bored...I'm bored!



Amir: You asked me to do this!



Rick Fox: I was not talking to you!



Amir: I know!...who were you talking to then?



Rick Fox: (puts eggs down) Don't worry about it. Did you get into the Egg Box yet?



Amir: You mean this file cabinet?



Rick Fox: What'd I say?



Amir: You said Egg Box. You said did you get into his Egg Box yet. And no I didn't get into his Egg Box cause I think you welded it shut with that little torch of yours.



Rick Fox: (holds up and lights torch) I was trying to break the lock.



Amir: (frustrated) I know; and I was trying to tell you that it wasn't locked.



Rick Fox: Look, in that box right there is where Jake keeps eggs.



Amir: (growing more irritated) Why do you think that!? What do you think that?



Rick Fox: (insulted that Amir would ask such a stupid question) Otherwise, why would it be locked?



Amir: (resorting to hitting the desk) It wasn't locked man, remember! Uhhh...you're haha; you're really frustrating today, Rick Fox. Like it's cool that you come by, cause like you're tall and like-



Rick Fox: Handsome.



Amir: Famous. Ah, but uh, i-it's a little too much right now-ha.



Rick Fox: Hey look, look, look, look, look. When's Jake gettin' back from lunch?



Amir: Lunch?



Rick Fox: Yeah, when's he gettin' back from lunch? EGG SALAD. What?



Amir: What!? What are you...(covers mouth) Mmmm. Ok, you're starting to freak me out. Do you remember like five minutes ago you tied up Jake and locked him in the supply closet? (Rick Fox tries to recall said event)



Jake: (half naked, tied up, and locked in the supply closet) This is insane! Rick Fox did this to me!



Amir: Why'd you steal his clothes by the way?



Rick Fox: (holds up a V-neck t-shirt) Look that kool katt tried to hot dog with a low V.



Amir: I guess...



Rick Fox: (throws down shirt) Look. (holds up three fingers) You got two options. 



Amir: Ok.



Rick Fox: One, pay me all the money you owe me. Or two (points to egg box), break in there and get me all the eggs in the world.



Amir: Ok you're the one who told me to bet on all those NBA games, man, remember!? And then you're like oh the NBA's locked out this season (Rick Fox plays the world's smallest violin), so all those bets are an instant loss!



Rick Fox: Yeah, instant loss.



Amir: By the way, there might not be any eggs in here, ok; let alone, I think you said, all the eggs in the world. So. Just trying to temper your expectations, ya know? (Rick Fox angerly pushes Amir down) Oh!



Rick Fox: The only thing tempered right now is you!



Amir: Yeah, uh, I don't know what that means. 



Rick Fox: (holds his hands out like claws) Do you want to join Jake for lunch?



Amir: Usually, yeah, but not the way you mean it with the c-hand and the eyeeeees! Hah.



Jake: (still half naked, tied up, and locked in the supply closet) Somebody has to be able to hear me! This closet's really close to a lot of people!



Rick Fox: Look, I don't wanna be the bad guy. Ok, that's just the way it is. I married a chicken.



Amir: What?



Rick Fox: What?



Amir: You married a chicken?



Rick Fox: Wha-?



Amir: You said you married-



Rick Fox: Listen!



Amir: I do listen. I heard what you said; you said you married-



Rick Fox: (frustrated because Amir never listens) You never listen!



Amir: (while Rick Fox hits the Egg Box) You said you married-



(Rick Fox opens the Egg Box to see that it's full of scrambled eggs)



Rick Fox: No...No...



Amir: I'm so sorry.



Rick Fox: No.



Amir: Oh God.



Rick Fox: (picks up scrambled eggs with both hands) No!



Amir: Oh no.



Rick Fox: NO!



Amir: Oh!



Rick Fox: (lifts up eggs and lets them fall into his mouth) NOOO! choking sound



Amir: (opens door to the supply closet where Jake is still tied up, half naked) Hey, sorry-



Jake: Ahhh, your dick's small!

													

														Jake: You're watching Jake and Amir. 

Amir: Now do it with some attitude!

Jake: Don't tickle me! 



Jake: Hey, just got your Kickstarter email. 

Amir: If you don't have something to say, don't say it, okay? Don't feel like you have to fill every silence with your stupid voice just because--

Jake: Okay, don't just repeat things that I say. It makes sense when I say them to you.

Amir: Then we agree...to disagree...about agreeing. Oh!

Jake: Kickstarter is meant for like meaningful projects, like albums or films. 

Amir: I know.

Jake: You know that? 

Amir: Yeah. 

Jake: So you think the Amir Blumenfeld Foundation For Not Giving A Shit is a meaningful project? 

Amir: It's..an album. And it's a film. 

Jake: No, it's not. Do you really expect people to donate?

Amir: When you ask like that, definitely, okay? Besides, we give little bonuses to incentivize donations. 

Jake: I do see that--five dollars and you get a pin that says I'm Cheap James, bitch. 

Amir: If you're not cracking up right now, you've never seen the Chapel Show, okay? Like, that's it. 

Jake: Yeah, I haven't. Ten dollars gets you a t-shirt which says I donated ten dollars to a fake charity and all I got was this lousy dick. 

Amir: What else, man? You got notes, alright? So just say it. Don't do the like stop and go, herky-jerky thing--

Jake: Sure, twenty dollars you get to punch somebody in the chest. 

Amir: That's trying to up-sell them, okay? To try to get them to donate fifty dollars. 

Jake: Which if they do, you get to punch them in the back of the head.

Amir: Which hurts a lot less than punching them in the chest, watch--

Jake: No! 

Amir: Sorry. Queen. 

Jake: What?

Amir: Nothing. 

Jake: Excuse me?

Amir: I didn't--

Jake: I heard you say something. 

Amir: Yeah, I didn't say anything. 

Jake: This says that if I donate a hundred dollars you get to personally deliver me a bitch taco. What's a bitch taco? 

Amir: It's a taco with double the meat, double the shell, and if ya even think twice about eating it, I get to punch ya in the back of the head 'cause guess what?--

Jake: I'm being a bitch. 

Amir: You're being a bitch, right. 

Jake: Cool, you know what? It's people like you that ruin Kickstarter for real artists like me...and other people. 

Amir: You're a real artist?

Jake: Good question. Check your email. 

Amir: You're looking to self-publish a book of poetry n style. 

Jake: Ya, a coffee table book about my two passions. (brushes dirt of shoulder) Oh! 

Amir: Whoa, Streeter just donated money to my Kickstarter. 

Streeter: Hey, no problem, buddy man. Hope it goes to something good.

Amir: (gasps) A hundred dollars. Wow, okay, ey, this is for you. (hands Streeter a taco)

Streeter: Ohhh! Look at this, man. Whoa, look at all that meat!

Amir: Yeahh.

Streeter: Oh man, I'm gonna think twice about eatin' this thing. 

Jake: Streeter! No! 

(Streeter arrests Amir's arms) Streeter: Ohhh! Purple nurple! (Murph comes up and punches Amir)

Murph: Nurple purple! Yeah! 

													

														INTRO:



JAKE: Hey, you're watching J--



AMIR: Hey, guess what you're watching Jake and Ami--



JAKE: We agreed I was gonna go!



AMIR: Oh, yeyeyeah.







[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks. Amir is drinking out of a Styrofoam cup. Jake is listening to his headphones.]



(Jake takes off his headphones, revealing that he is wearing stud earrings.)



JAKE: Woo!



AMIR: Holy shit you're wearing earrings.



JAKE: Holy shit you're a loser!



AMIR: Why did you do that?



JAKE: You not liking it validates it as a good idea!



AMIR: I didn't say I didn't like it. I just said why are you doing that.



JAKE: Two studs for the price of gun! BING! (flicks his ear) OW! F- Dammit, why would I flick it?!



AMIR: What happened?



JAKE: They're still tender as the night and twice as gay-- NOT gay, not gay,, get with it, Hurwitz. I'm like, repeating that shit the dude yelled at me on the bus this morning.



AMIR: Someone yelled at you on the bus this morning?



JAKE: Yelled at me, then like boxed my ears. Pretty much got a standing-O, forcing me off the bus. I was gonna walk home, but I was like fuck it, I'm afraid to be alone.



AMIR: You know they're actually kinda fly.



JAKE: If you think they're fly now, come meet me at the club in six weeks.



AMIR: Six weeks?



JAKE: Six weeks, that's when I get to upgrade the earrings. I'mma gauge this one out.. to five sixteenths, and on this one's gonna be a giant hoop all the way down to my fucking shoulder blade.



AMIR: Hold on a second, I'm trying to write down how to be cool, but you're talking too fast!



JAKE: Write this down, baby! Spiderweb tat on my elbow, spiderweb tat on my elbow, spider tat on my abdomen, bicep tat of my astro sign, Leo DiCaprio--



AMIR: Heh!



JAKE: --and guess what I'm doing with my lips? ......eatin a pussy.



AMIR: Eena.. pussy?



JAKE: (loudly and articulately) Eating a pussy!



(A female coworker looks over, disgusted.)



AMIR: That's a lot of changes, man.



JAKE: Not even including facial hair.



AMIR: Facial hair?



JAKE: A goatee on top of my thoat-ee makes the girls say ay, papi! Aheh! I made out with my cousin! At a club!



AMIR: Your cousin?



JAKE: Crimson.



AMIR: But you kissed your cousin though.



JAKE: The takeaway here is that I got into Crimson, on a Tuesday, the fourth hardest night to get into Crimson, not including the weekend.



AMIR: So the easiest night to get in, not including Monday--



JAKE: Monday, yeah, but listen I've been rejected on a Monday. Alright you ever give a bouncer a hundred dollar bill up just to see him tear it up right in front of your crying eyes?



AMIR: Being cool sounds hard, maybe I'm just not cut out for it.



JAKE: Trust fam, you ain't. Ok not a lot of people can handle the blinding pain, the crippling insecurity, the constant desire just to- you know what, fuck it! It's not worth it! It's not worth it! Help me get this off! (taking his earrings off)



AMIR: I thought they were cool!



JAKE: They are, ok! I'm just not ready for it!



(Murph and Pat run over to Jake's desk.)



MURPH: Aww, man!



JAKE: What?



PAT: We heard you got your ears pierced, so we came over to make fun of you.



JAKE: Too late, bitches! Unless you guys think it's cool...



PAT: We don't.



JAKE: Which is exactly why I didn't do it! Wow, that was hard!



AMIR: Ok, what do you guys know about being cool, I bet you've never even kissed your cousin at Crimson, huh? Tell 'em Jake!



PAT: You kissed your cousin at a club?--



JAKE: On a Tuesday! On a Tuesday!



END.







(FIRED AD)

													

														INTRO



JAKE: You're watching Jake and Amir.



AMIR: Now, let a real maestro try it.



JAKE: No.



AMIR: Okay.







(Jake's on the phone, alone).



JAKE: Alright, well, just-



(Amir walks in and sits down, wearing a penguin costume...yes, the penguin costume from the 4th of July episode)



AMIR: Costume number one.



(Jake puts down the phone)



JAKE: Jesus Christ, man.  You've been missing for two days.  You can't just show up and say costume number one.



AMIR:  Pros: It's cute.  I can pee in it.



JAKE: We thought you were dead.







(Amir's in denim and a cowboy hat)



AMIR: (like John Wayne) This one's pretty playful, partner, but I'm worried it's too masculine.



JAKE: I wouldn't worry about that.







(Amir's in the penguin costume)



JAKE:  We called your parents, who said good riddance.  I'm sorry that you had to hear that from me.







(Amir's wearing a rooster costume)



AMIR:  Sure, this costume is a little corny...but I like it.  (Amir does a weird laugh, like a cackle)



JAKE:  Do you think you're in a corn costume?







(Amir's wearing an Indian headdress)



JAKE:  Where were you man?  For two days, you were just, you vanished.







(Amir's still in the rooster costume)



AMIR:  Sorry, can you talk into my good ear. (Amir does the cackle laugh again)



JAKE:  You're NOT in a corn costume.



(Amir takes off the rooster head covering)



AMIR:  Okay, well, it's freaking dark in that closet, man.  I can't see anything.







(Amir's in a fireman costume)



AMIR:  I'm one cock-a-doodle-dude.



JAKE:  You changed out of the rooster costume?



AMIR: What?!



(Amir takes off the fireman's helmet and looks at it)



AMIR:  Oh, f**k me!







(Amir's in a sheet with holes in it.  His glasses are over the sheet.  The sheet's lopsided and the holes don't match his glasses/eyes)



AMIR:  Boo!! Uh heh heh.



JAKE: Look in the mirror and tell me if you think you look scary.



(Amir looks to his left)



AMIR: AUGH! I'M GONNA DIE!!







(Amir's in a peapod costume)



AMIR:  This one's a little corny...but I like it.



JAKE: Still no.



AMIR: What??  No!  No!



JAKE:  You're not corn, you're peas.



AMIR: Peas?? I'm peas!







(Amir's wearing scrubs)



AMIR:  You've just been diagnosed with bein' a bitch.



JAKE:  We've been planning your funeral for an hour.







(Amir's in a Count Chocula costume)



AMIR: Yeah, I might be a little corny -



JAKE: Don't do this, cuz you know you're the Count!  You came in and said I vant to suck your chocolate.



AMIR: -but I like it.







(Amir's wearing a polka-dot dress)



JAKE: Bad costume.



AMIR: What costume? Okay, this is my shirt.



JAKE: That's a dress.



AMIR: Nooo, it's not.



JAKE: Stand up.



(Amir stands up)



AMIR: (sounding like he's proving Jake wrong) Ohhhh  (suddenly realizes he's wearing a dress) Oh.







(Amir's in a Count Chocula costume)



(Amir's getting physical with Jake, as Jake tries to get away)



AMIR: Let me suck your chocolate!



JAKE: Stop...dude...you have to rela-



AMIR: You...don't tell me to freakin' relax.



(Jake punches Amir)







(Amir is in a corn costume)



JAKE: You know you finally have it, and you just blew it.



AMIR: What are you talking about?



JAKE: Look in the mirror.  You're corn.



AMIR: Oh, no!  I thought I was an ear of butter!



EPISODE LINK

													

														Amir: You're watching Jake and Amir... on television!



Jake: No, they're not.



Amir: WHY NOT?







Amir: Hey, are we okay?



Jake: ...What?



Amir: You and me. Are we okay?



Jake: Sure.



Amir: Just... There's been, like, yeah, fighting and tension between us for the past, like, um... five years. I want to know if we're kosher.



Jake: We're fine.



Amir: We're good?



Jake: We're fine! You... You asked if we were okay, I said we're fine, now you wanna know if we're good.



Amir: Yeah, this is likethis is exactly what I'm talking about; like, this tension. I can'tyeah, I don't know. I just wanna know straight up, once and for all, point-Matt-LeBlanc, are we great?



Jake: Let's talk about this after work. Okay?



Amir: Cool.



Jake: Cool.



Amir: (inhaling) ...Cool. It's, yeah... (pause) Can do. [Amir chuckles.]



Jake: All right.



Amir: What?



Jake: I said, All right.



Amir: (shaking head) Eh... (pause) Uhh



Jake: Oh my god, just say it [Amir: I'm j] if you're gonna say something, say it.



Amir: I'm just saying that I won't be able to work unless I know that we're good.



Jake: We're cool, okay?



Amir: Whoa, now we're cool, okay?



Jake: You're mad?



Amir: You're brushing me off, and that's fine, okay, if we're good, then that's fine.



Jake: I said we'll talk about it after work.



Amir: After work. Afterwhen is after work? That doesn't mean anything, okay; if Iif I left it up to you, you'll keep pushing it and pushing it and pushing, and we'll never talk about if we're okay or not.



Jake: What do you mean, When is after work? It's 6 PM! 6 PM! That's after work; there's no mystery here, okay? And don't accuse me of pushing it and pushing it and pushing it, 'cause this is the first time you've brought it up.



Amir: Humor me. Okay, talk to me now, huh? Talk to me now. We can talk after work; doesn't mean we can't talk now!



Jake: It does imply that.



Amir: Talk to me.



Jake: I am talking to you.



Amir: How good are we, huh? You think we're good? How good are we? Put your money where your mouth is. Tell me how good we are.



Jake: I didn't say we were good. A minute ago, you asked me if we were okay, I said we were fine, and now you're demanding to know how good we are.



Amir: (sniffs) Wanna know what I think?



Jake: No.



Amir: I think we're awful.



Jake: Me too.



Amir: Just kidding. I think we're great; what do you mean, Me too? What was that? I said, Just kidding, but before I did that, you said, Me too, when I said we were awful.



Jake: Okay, I was kidding too.



Amir: (smiling) You were kidding too.



Jake: Yeah...



Amir: (chuckling) Time to seal the deal! [Amir gets up to embrace Jake.]



Jake: Hey... I wasn't kidding. Oh... [Jake braces himself and holds back Amir while he tries to hug Jake.]



Amir: Y'know, I wasn't even sure that we were good, but you reassured me every step of the way!



Jake: Okay...



Amir: And if you would've told me two minutes ago that we'd end that conversation in a hug, especially one like this that we both like equally, no way in hell, bruh; I would've called you a coward and a fool.



Jake: A little too tight, right now, okay?



Amir: Yeah, and I know we would never let go unless we felt that this hug came to a natural end



[Jake grunts and finally pushes Amir away.]



Amir: Ow! You accidentally hurt my neck.



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO Amir - Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. Catch Harold and Kumar 3D --



Jake - Oh, come on. 



Amir - --in theaters everywhere this Friday. What?







(Amir and Jake are inside a coffee shop about to approach the counter)



AMIR: It says employees must wash hands, OK? Employees. Last time I checked, I don't work here. 



JAKE: Yeah, I'm just saying it's a common courtesy and it's like hygienic so you should really do it.



AMIR: (to barista) Hey, I will have two Jack and diets and what do you want? 



JAKE: Nothing. You know, I'm going to go home--



AMIR: (gibberish over Jake) I'll have two Jack and diets, a vodka cran and what do you want?



JAKE: Chill out, OK? 



BARISTA: We don't serve alcohol.



AMIR: What is this? Prohibition? OK, just give me a shot, you bitch. 



JAKE: Hey! Hey, wow, really quick to start offending people, right? Sorry, especially because you didn't even ask for a shot to begin with. 



AMIR: OK, get this. I walked in here with an itty-bitty waist and a round thing in my face, OK? And you know I got sprung, so I wanted to pull up tight and--



JAKE: (to barista) Sorry.



AMIR: --I noticed that, what?



JAKE: I'm just going to have an iced coffee. Thank you. 



BARISTA: Sure. 



AMIR: By the way, the girl before us got two shots. Two. Don't think I didn't notice that.  



JAKE: OK, she got two shots of espresso. 



AMIR: OK. Whatever. I'll take it. Anything to take the edge off. 



JAKE: That's definitely going to put the edge on. You know, what are you even stressed about? 



AMIR: Taxes. 



JAKE: Do you owe them? 



AMIR: No, I just found out about them and it's kind of stressing me out.  Do you guys know what's up? OK, Uncle Sam doesn't even put lube on before he fucks us--



BARISTA: So, you want two shots of espresso, one ice coffee. Do you want room?



JAKE: Yes, please.



AMIR: I'll take that too. Actually make mine a room with coke. It's got to be 9AM somewhere. 



JAKE: Yeah, it's 9AM here.



AMIR: It's nickel beer night.



BARISTA: We don't serve beer.  



AMIR: Will you be my girlfriend?



BARISTA: Sorry guys, I have other customers.



AMIR: OK, you know what? We can pay with cash, credit or break dancing. 



BARISTA: We're cash only. 



JAKE: He's going to break dance. 



AMIR: (hopping about) Here we go. (throws himself on floor, change clattering everywhere, trying his best to 'break dance')



JAKE: (to barista, as Amir is still on the floor) Can I have your number?



AMIR: Oh. (popping up by Jake again, holding neck) Ahh, OK, hey. Cash is fine, unless you like that.



BARISTA: Cash is fine. 



AMIR: (to Jake) Do you have five dollars? 



THE END.  



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFYx5GTTElA

													

														INTRO



JAKE: You're watching Jake and Amir.



AMIR: Hi Mom! Ahahaha



JAKE: God...



AMIR: Bye mom.







AMIR: Oh, this is rich! (Clapping slowly, laughing, standing up) Okay, this is rich! Slow clap, huh? (Looking around) Slow clap for Rosie, huh? Hey, headphones off people! (awkwardly laughs) ...or on. Uh, yeah. (defeatedly shakes his head, sits down)



JAKE: Don't feel bad, all right? Everyone's busy.



AMIR: Everyone's pissy.



JAKE: They're busy.



AMIR: What did I do?



JAKE: You interrupted their--



AMIR: (interrupts) Allow me to read an email from one Jeff Rosie Rosenburg. (mockingly reads an email) 'Hey guys, just a heads up. (Amir laughs) I have an appointment this afternoon and I'm cutting out around four.' (claps and laughs) Brava! But your lie has failed. Is anyone else crying bullshit on this?



JAKE: You are the only one that cries anything on this, and you showed up to work seven hours late today so maybe don't call Rosie out on being a bad employee.



ROSIE: (sighs) I'm outta here.



AMIR: You're not going anywhere until you tell everybody in this office where you're headed and don't do it yet, because I want a front seat.



ROSIE: A therapist.



AMIR: Where ya going today, good sir?



ROSE: A therapist.



AMIR: (laughs, shoves popcorn in his mouth) And why, pray tell, are you going to the therapist?



ROSIE: Battling depression, actually.



AMIR: The plot thins! (laughs) Hey why didn't you say so in the email, okay? Instead of making me come over here and force it out of you like I'm some sort of hero.



ROSIE: It's a little embarrassing to admit. Especially like this.



AMIR: Yeah, you're making me look like a chump though! Okay, I wouldn't do that to you!



ROSIE: Sorry!



AMIR: Okay, everybody, take a knee. Rosie has an apology to say to me. And... to everyone here if he's NUT enough!



JAKE: Amir! You gotta drop it, okay! I realize what you're doing--You're trying to save face on this, (Amir nods) but that ship has sailed.



AMIR: (shoves popcorn in his mouth) I have to power through! Is this hair even real? (yanks on Rosie's ponytail) Okay... Sorry.



(Rosie gets up and is walking away)



AMIR: Nah nah nah nah! Nah nah nah nah! Hey, hey hey! Good (pauses)



JAKE: Bye.



AMIR: NIGHT!



JAKE: No!







ROSIE: (outside, on cell phone) Hey, babe. Yeah, they bought the therapy thing. I'll see you in Vegas! (leaves on a motorcycle and crashes off-screen)

													

														Jake: Hey there, everybody! We wanted to let you know that we are coming to Boston.



Amir: (grabs Jake) LET'S GO SOX!



Jake: Don't touch me! And stop doing that. Tickets are on sale now for our show at the House of Blues in Boston, Massachusetts on Tuesday, November 15, at 8 PM.



Amir: MANNY RAMIREZ! (laughs)



Jake: Got traded, and is now retired.



Amir: Okay.



Jake: So go to livenation.com, and get your tickets, come to the show, and it will be a lot of fun!



Amir: (sings part of Baseball, Charge! theme) Charge! (pretend swings bat) The 2030 Chicago White Sox are your ALCS MVPs!



Jake: Was that who you've been talking about?



Amir: ..What?



THE END



VIDEO LINK

													

														JAKE: Hey you're watching Jake and Amir. MY GOD you smell

AMIR: I showered once!







AMIR: (laughing)

JAKE: No, no way, there is no way

AMIR: Yeah, there is a way, my way, guaranteed. 

JAKE: No, you can't tell the difference between a guy and a girl based on the way they clear their throat, that is such a random ability.

AMIR: so you wanna bet me?

JAKE: I do, yeah, I'll bet you a hundred dollars. 

AMIR: Let's do it!

JAKE: Okay. Vikram, Cassady, get over here. 

AMIR: (laughing)

JAKE: Alright here we go, person 1, clear your throat. 

CASSADY: (clears throat)

JAKE: Person 2

VIKRAM: (clears throat)

AMIR: Wow, Okay

JAKE: Yeah

AMIR : That is tough

JAKE: Told you

AMIR: (laughing) Alright let me touch person 2's hips

JAKE: HEY HEY, what the hell (pushing Amir)

AMIR: WHAT?

JAKE: That's not part of the bet, man!

AMIR: We didn't say no hip touching. 

JAKE: Yeah we wouldn't have to because its not part of the bet. 

AMIR: UGH

PAT: What's going on here?

JAKE: Amir said he could tell the difference between a guy and a girl based on the way they clear their throat and - 

AMIR: And I can!

JAKE: But now you're trying to feel their hips. 

PAT: Did you specify no hip touching?

JAKE: Obviously not, get out of here dude you- 

MURPH: jumping on Jake's back) Pay the bitch

AMIR, PAT, MURPH: (chanting) Pay the bitch, pay the bitch

JAKE: STOP!

AMIR, PAT, MURPH: (chanting) pay the bitch

JAKE: Pat, no!

AMIR, PAT, MURPH: (chanting) pay the bitch

JAKE: That's more than $100

PAT: You lost man! Get over it 

AMIR: Get over it Jake, you lost! That's the girl (pointing to Vikram), and that's the guy (pointing to Cassady) ehhhhh (shaking tongue).

JAKE:That's not even right, he got it wrong

PAT: You already lost, get over it!

AMIR: Get over it, Jake!

JAKE: Get off my neck! 

AMIR, PAT, VIKRAM: (chanting) Pay the bitch, pay the bitch

JAKE: Murph, my neck!

AMIR, PAT, VIKRAM: (chanting) Pay the bitch

JAKE: Murph!

AMIR, PAT, VIKRAM: (chanting) Pay the bitch, pay the bitch

JAKE: STOP! STOP!



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6HRF6GMz0U

													

														INTRO Amir - You're watching an all new episode of Ace. 



Jake - Please don't. 



Amir - And Jocelyn.



Jake - I said don't. 







AMIR: Hello my fellow astronaut accountants. I've been under Jake's... uhh.... Ace's desk for the past three hours.



JAKE: Hey, is match.com down for anybody else? Cos I'm 99% sure an uggo fuggo just tried to look at my profile... and I gotta troll her. 



Amir emerges from the desk. 



AMIR: Boom! Oh... Hello Ace. It is I... Jocelyn.  



JAKE: I have time for this. 



AMIR: Well, if you got the time, then I got the shirt to show you. 



The Ace  Jocelyn theme tune plays while Amir shows the shirt at different angles. 



AMIR: Who do you think would wear this shirt, Jake... - Ace?



JAKE: Called me Jake for a second there. 



AMIR: I didn't, I said Ace! Who do you think would wear this shirt? 



JAKE: Oh my god, me alone. 



AMIR: No. Other people too. 



JAKE: You're gonna edit this like I'm -



AMIR (voiceover Jake): Chill dude!



JAKE: - aren't you? 



AMIR: The chillest. 



A cartoon of a rocket flies from the bottom of the screen to the top. A rooster crows in the background. 



AMIR: Thank you for wearing the shirt by the way, my friend. 



JAKE: I'm not wearing the - 



Scene changes to Jake lying on a couch, now wearing the new Ace  Jocelyn t-shirt. His nose is bleeding. 



JAKE: oh... dude, what the f-     



AMIR (voiceover Jake): Chill dude! 



AMIR: Awesome shirt, Ace. Where'd you get it? 



JAKE: Did you change me?



AMIR: Bustedtees.com? That sounds like a pretty sick space site. 



JAKE: You punched me in the face. 



AMIR: With a great deal!



JAKE: No, with your fists. You knocked me out. 



AMIR: With low prices. 



JAKE: Dude, did-did-did you steal my phone? 



AMIR: Ok, stop being a bitch and play along for half a second



JAKE: You stole my wallet and my phone, dude. 



AMIR: The only thing that's a steal here are these low prices. 



JAKE: Alright, that's it. 



The camera falls to the ground. Jake starts punching Amir. 



AMIR: Ow no! Ow! Stop hugging... me... Ace! 



Star wipe to reveal Amir, holding a bloodied tissue to his nose. 



JAKE: Hey Amir, I'm sorry. 



AMIR: Jocelyn. 



JAKE: Jocelyn, I'm sorry.



AMIR: Sorry, yeah.  It's fine, my nose is just bleeding from the high altitude and low prices heh... ow... that hurts. 



JAKE: Ok, I lost my cool, ok? Any way I can make it up to you? 



Scene wipe to reveal Jake sitting on a couch with a script in front of him. 



AMIR: Rolling!



JAKE: Oh my god, don't sound like you're crying all the time, Jesus.



AMIR: Just start!



JAKE: Houston, we have a problem! These shirts are too fat. 



AMIR: With emotion!



JAKE: These shirts are so hot, they're practically on fire. 



AMIR: Ok, great. 



He approaches Jake with a lighter. Jake protests. A new scene appears with Jake's shirt half burned off of him. The scene is badly edited by Amir. (each dash represents a new piece of footage from the clip)



JAKE: You're - amazing. You're fu- amazing. And you know what else man? This shirt, it's - amazing. You know who's going to buy one of these? - Everybody. - You got that? 



AMIR: I got that, Ace. I got that. 



AMIR: Here we go... oh ah ah ah ah! Hmm... early. I'll start on that. Ok, 3... 2... 1... oh ah ah ah ah! DAMNIT! Ok, forget it. 



The rocket cartoon flies from the bottom of the screen to the top. A rooster crows in the background.



THE END

Episode Link

													

														INTRO AMIR- You're watching you and me, together



JAKE- I'm going to get out of the booth



AMIR- Why?! What did I say?







(Jake and Amir in the conference room)



JAKE- Alright dude, I appreciate you being here-



AMIR- And you're welcome



JAKE- Ok, let me finish, but-



AMIR- Happy to be here



JAKE- I know you are, I'm not happy you're here. You can't audition people for scripts that you didn't write



AMIR- Don't worry about it, ok- namaste!



JAKE- I'm worried about- don't say namaste, okay, get out of here before some-



AMIR- It's fine!



JAKE- It's not fine!



(Doobs knocks on the door)



JAKE- Awesome. Alright, come in.



JAKE (to Amir)- You stay for one audition, then you have to go



(Doobs enters, Jake sighs)



DOOBS- It is I!



AMIR- What are you doing here, Doobs?



DOOBS- You can't call me by that peasant name anymore, Ashmir!



AMIR- No...



DOOBS- Yes! You see, I have illegally...for the record...without warning...changed my name- to Penis Anthony 

HUDSON!



(Jake holds up Doobs' headshot)



JAKE- Your headshot just says Penis Hudson



DOOBS- I'm sorry?



JAKE- Your headshot just says Penis Hudson



DOOBS- What?



JAKE- It says Penis Hudson, you lost Anthony



DOOBS- Hm?



AMIR- Alright, let's just see what you've got, Huds!



DOOBS- Oohoohooh! Sly as a fox...



JAKE- No, he's not, here's the script for the audition



(Jake hands Doobs the script)



DOOBS- Don't need it



JAKE- You do



DOOBS- No, I don't



AMIR- Alright, it's sink or swim time, let's see what you've got, Huddy!



DOOBS- Ooohoohoohooho!



JAKE- A second ago, you called him Huds



DOOBS- Ah, but they both kill me. Just like his father tried to do to me with his, tiny skinny legs



JAKE- Just do the audition, man



DOOBS- Gladly



(Doobs impersonating)



(Sprawled against the wall, then acting like a monkey)



DOOBS- The beginning of time



(Behind a tree, while shaking it, then scooting on the floor)



(Changes character)



DOOBS- I was tired, man



(Changes character)



DOOBS- Ooh, King Pruden. Tis I, Lysthmus



(Changes character, Italian accent)



DOOBS- You wanna mess with my guys? Well, my guys are the toughest! Take Ricky over here



(Changes character)



DOOBS- Because I loved her! I killed her because I loved her!



(Changes character)



DOOBS- Hey guys, I'm Ricky



(Changes character, dancing)



DOOBS- Must come down! What is up is gonna come down!



(Changes character)



DOOBS- It's gon be 'dem whose running now



Brief intermission



(Changes character)



DOOBS- Runnin' from duh white man!



(Changes character)



DOOBS- You get on that bed, you get on that bed and I'mma comin' in a minute, I'mma make love to you tonight



Much later



(Amir applauding)



JAKE- Great, is he finished?



(Amir fail whistle)



JAKE- Penis, you didn't get the part



DOOBS- Thank you



AMIR- But, you had the guts to go off-book, off-script, so, you got the part!



DOOBS- Thank you!



JAKE- No, he didn't, you auditioned for, yeah, 3 hours



DOOBS- Thank you



JAKE- Okay, not a compliment, we gave the part to someone else, we shot it, it's already on the web



DOOBS- Be honest with me and I want you to be honest with me, was I at least seriously considered for the part?



Simultaneously

(JAKE- You weren't

AMIR- You were)



DOOBS- Ahhahahaha! Thank you! Thank you! 



(Amir and Doobs grab onto a bouquet of flowers and jump together)



DOOBS- Thank you! Thank you!



Simultaneously

(DOOBS and AMIR- Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!)



(Jake shakes head)



NTRO AMIR- You're watching you and me, together



JAKE- I'm going to get out of the booth



AMIR- Why?! What did I say?







(Jake and Amir in the conference room)



JAKE- Alright dude, I appreciate you being here-



AMIR- And you're welcome



JAKE- Ok, let me finish, but-



AMIR- Happy to be here



JAKE- I know you are, I'm not happy you're here. You can't audition people for scripts that you didn't write



AMIR- Don't worry about it, ok- namaste!



JAKE- I'm worried about- don't say namaste, okay, get out of here before some-



AMIR- It's fine!



JAKE- It's not fine!



(Doobs knocks on the door)



JAKE- Awesome. Alright, come in.



JAKE (to Amir)- You stay for one audition, then you have to go



(Doobs enters, Jake sighs)



DOOBS- It is I!



AMIR- What are you doing here, Doobs?



DOOBS- You can't call me by that peasant name anymore, Ashmir!



AMIR- No...



DOOBS- Yes! You see, I have illegally...for the record...without warning...changed my name- to Penis Anthony 

HUDSON!



(Jake holds up Doobs' headshot)



JAKE- Your headshot just says Penis Hudson



DOOBS- I'm sorry?



JAKE- Your headshot just says Penis Hudson



DOOBS- What?



JAKE- It says Penis Hudson, you lost Anthony



DOOBS- Hm?



AMIR- Alright, let's just see what you've got, Huds!



DOOBS- Oohoohooh! Sly as a fox...



JAKE- No, he's not, here's the script for the audition



(Jake hands Doobs the script)



DOOBS- Don't need it



JAKE- You do



DOOBS- No, I don't



AMIR- Alright, it's sink or swim time, let's see what you've got, Huddy!



DOOBS- Ooohoohoohooho!



JAKE- A second ago, you called him Huds



DOOBS- Ah, but they both kill me. Just like his father tried to do to me with his, tiny skinny legs



JAKE- Just do the audition, man



DOOBS- Gladly



(Doobs impersonating)



(Sprawled against the wall, then acting like a monkey)



DOOBS- The beginning of time



(Behind a tree, while shaking it, then scooting on the floor)



(Changes character)



DOOBS- I was tired, man



(Changes character)



DOOBS- Ooh, King Pruden. Tis I, Lysthmus



(Changes character, Italian accent)



DOOBS- You wanna mess with my guys? Well, my guys are the toughest! Take Ricky over here



(Changes character)



DOOBS- Because I loved her! I killed her because I loved her!



(Changes character)



DOOBS- Hey guys, I'm Ricky



(Changes character, dancing)



DOOBS- Must come down! What is up is gonna come down!



(Changes character)



DOOBS- It's gon be 'dem whose running now



Brief intermission



(Changes character)



DOOBS- Runnin' from duh white man!



(Changes character)



DOOBS- You get on that bed, you get on that bed and I'mma comin' in a minute, I'mma make love to you tonight



Much later



(Amir applauding)



JAKE- Great, is he finished?



(Amir fail whistle)



JAKE- Penis, you didn't get the part



DOOBS- Thank you



AMIR- But, you had the guts to go off-book, off-script, so, you got the part!



DOOBS- Thank you!



JAKE- No, he didn't, you auditioned for, yeah, 3 hours



DOOBS- Thank you



JAKE- Okay, not a compliment, we gave the part to someone else, we shot it, it's already on the web



DOOBS- Be honest with me and I want you to be honest with me, was I at least seriously considered for the part?



Simultaneously

(JAKE- You weren't

AMIR- You were)



DOOBS- Ahhahahaha! Thank you! Thank you! 



(Amir and Doobs grab onto a bouquet of flowers and jump together)



DOOBS- Thank you! Thank you!



Simultaneously

(DOOBS and AMIR- Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!)



(Jake shakes head)

													

														INTRO



JAKE: Happy Thanksgiving from Jake and Amir!



AMIR: N-n-no don't say my name; it's only from you!



JAKE: Come on...







(Jake walks into an office where Amir has set up his Thanksgiving feast)



JAKE: ...Ah...



AMIR: Ta daaaa!



(Jake nods unsure of what to say)



AMIR: Uh...okay, so before you freak out, I-I just remembered that you said you had no place to go for Thanksgiving, so I figured, "what the heck?  Let's have Thanksgiving in the office", huh?  Just us  two.



JAKE: I don't know what to say, Man...I never said I wasn't going home for Thanksgiving.



AMIR: I know, I know, I know, I know!  It's not (air quotes) "Thanksgiving" yet and it's not even dinner time!  



JAKE: I am going home for Thanksgiving, for the whole weekend; my train leaves in like, two hours.



AMIR: So whadayou say, huh?  We could eat, bicker like a real family, what hell, I'll even say grace!  (Joins hands together to pray)



JAKE: (Checks turkey)  Yeah, turkey's not even cooked a little.



AMIR: But, it's not uncooked.



JAKE: It is.



AMIR: What do you mean?



JAKE: It's uncooked.



AMIR: How?



JAKE: It's still in the wrapping.



AMIR: Oh it's...yeah.



JAKE: I mean you have to bake it.  



AMIR: (Single clap)  That's what I'm talkin' about!  Let's cook this bird!  (Picks up turkey)



JAKE: Ouu wow, dripping a little bit.



AMIR: Yeah, it's blood.



JAKE: Hey...do you have anywhere to go?



AMIR: Yeah, the 9th floor; there's microwave up there.  Let's nuke this spruce goose!  (Chuckles)



JAKE: No,  I mean, like, for Thanksgiving.  Do you have somewhere to go?



AMIR: What are you talking about,  Man?  Come on, get outta the way.



JAKE: No, be real with me for a second, okay?  Do you have somewhere to go for Thanksgiving?



AMIR: Umm... (Swallows and looks at the turkey)  No, no, no, not this year.



JAKE:  Alright, Dude, I'll tell you what.



AMIR: What?



JAKE: God, I can't believe I'm about to do this.



(Amir smiles)



(Jake quickly turns around and runs out of the office)



AMIR: What are you doing?!  (Runs to the door)



JAKE: (Locks door)  (Talking to Amir though the glass door)  I'm sorry I have to lock in this room for the next five days.



AMIR: What?!  Why?!



JAKE: I don't trust you not to show up at my family's Thanksgiving; you've done it every year for the past four years.



AMIR: I really thought you were about to invite me.



JAKE: I considered it, then I thought better of it.  Okay, look, the good news is that you have enough food here to last you through the weekend.



AMIR: What?!  No I-no I don't okay, it's all bad, it's all bad except for the yams.



JAKE: Eat the yams.



AMIR: No, I don't wanna eat the yams; I don't like yams!



JAKE: Look, eat the yams, alright?  I'll be back in five days.



AMIR: (Whining) I don't wanna eat the yams!  I don't like the yams!  (Jake and Amir fist pound through the glass and Jake leaves)  I don't like yams, Jake!   I wanna come over!  Now I have to eat the yams!  Now, I gotta eat 'em!  The yams!  Of all things to eat, I'm stuck with yams!







OUTRO



AMIR: (Leaning head against glass door)  I hate yams.



THE END



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60zq1y-TCFI

													

														(Cheerful low music plays in the background throughout the whole sketch)



Amir: Would you rather eat a baby - or get eaten by a giant baby?



Jake: I'd rather eat a baby...



Amir: Really? Why?



Jake: I just want to avoid death.



Amir: Okay, I'd rather get eaten by a giant baby! Cuz' I'd love to see what a giant baby looks like. I think he looks like you! (tickles Jake)



Jake: (pushes him away) Stop it!







Amir: Would you rather share your studio apartment with a horder or a whore?



Jake: ...A whore.



Amir: What? Okay why, why? (lively)



Jake: Relax man... stop trying to be like overly bubbly.



Amir: I would chose a whore because; Horders, it's too much. It's like, I get it with the sinks and the dishes that's fine I'm a cool room-mate. But with the boxes and the envelopes it's starting to be like 'I don't wanna live in a post office.' (laughs and claps Jake's leg) What did you, what did you say? A whore?



Jake: Don't touch me, man..!







Amir: Would you rather make an obscene phonecall to your mother once a week or get a text message every time your father is feeling horny?



Jake: Text message.



Amir: Why is that? Okay why is that?



Jake: It's because I can ignore it.



Amir: Ooh, the phonecall you have to actively do, okay. I feel like all your answers sort of follow this logical path and I think I'm on board with you.  I would rather... (gets innterupted by Jake)



Jake: Stop talking like you're on a radio show!







Amir: Would you rather blow up a cow with dynamite from a distance or wring a chicken's neck with your bare hands?



Jake: Cow.



Amir: Why is that?



Jake: Because I'd be far away, disconnected...



Amir: Yeahyeah... a little bit more removed - I'd rather blow up a cow from the distance because I have already wrung a chicken's neck.



Jake: Yes, you have...



Amir: I've done it to a chicken, a rooster...



Jake: You've had a couple of failed attempts of trying to blow up a cow... from a distance..



Amir: Yeah and uh.. the dynamite was not strong enough so.. if given the opportunity I would like to blow up a cow from a distance.



Jake: Yep.







Amir: Would you rather stand up when everybody sitting down or sit down when everybody is standing up? Think about that. What would you rather do? You're in a , okay you're in a board room, right? Everybody's sitting. You gotta stand. You're in a funeral. Everybody standing you gotta sit. Which one would you rather do?



Jake: Stand.



Amir: Hah! Stand when everyone's sitting? Why is that? (laughs)



Jake: I have no idea..



Amir: Yeah I'd rather sit when everyone' s standing because you know what, at the very least I'm comfortable. I'm the one who's getting comfortable - (Jake stands up and leaves) Oh, You're playing the game right now, you're standing when I'm sitting! You know what? Let's play along - I'll sit and you stand. He's gonna stand out of the room for a minute. And I'm gonna sit. He'll be back.

													

														Amir : (at the gas station) (speaking to the machine) One gas please!   



JAKE : Cool. I'll pump the gas then.   



AMIR : Hey, one second! (speaking to the machine) One gas please.. To go or to stay?   



JAKE : Look, I appreciate the effort but you clearly lied when you said you knew how to pump gas.   



AMIR : I wanted you to think I was cool.   



JAKE : I didn't, I thought you were normal. When you said you could pump gas I thought you were normal person but now I think you're a weirdo cause you lied about it.   



AMIR: Hey, sorry I'm not a (air-quoting) genius.    



JAKE : Be sorry that you can't pump gas! Be sorry for lying about it. Come on, we have to get this FIAT tour at contest winner.   



AMIR : Here's a riddle, how many dillweeds does it take to pump a tank?   



JAKE : I don't know.   



AMIR : Two.   



JAKE : Nope, I'm not a dillweed. You are! It takes one normal person, me, to pump gas.   



AMIR : (taking a picture of Jake) Oh that's one for the scrapbook hahaha. Two helpless bozos at the gas station.   



JAKE : No.   



AMIR : Alright, I'm gonna get snacks. What kind of jerky do you want?   



JAKE : No kind. Just, please use the bathroom!   



AMIR : I'm good, thank you.   



JAKE : Okay you say that. We could've been making a great time, okay this car has good gas mileage, moved that to pullover eleventh time so you could pee.   



AMIR : I'm fine, relax...   



JAKE : I'll relax if you go to the bathroom.   



JAKE : Okay, try, come on...   







(inside the car)   



Amir : (holding a jerry can of water)   



Jake : You really think that given your bladder in the amount of time we've spent pulled over so you can pee today, that water, is the best  idea?   



AMIR : That got us dehydrated, man.   



JAKE : Okay, okay. (starting the engine)   



AMIR : Pull over please, I got a whizz.   



JAKE : (car engine stops) I hate you.   



THE END   



VIDEO LINK

													

														INTRO



JAKE: You're watching Jake and Amir.



AMIR: Make videos.



JAKE: That's implied.



AMIR: Is it?







(Jake and Amir are in back seat of car)



AMIR: Uh, one day, we're gonna-



JAKE: You know what, don't. Okay, 'cause I'm still mad at you.



AMIR: One day we're gonna look back and laugh about this is all I was gonna say.



JAKE: You crashed my Thanksgiving dinner. You showed up at my house, drunk and high.







AMIR: Ooh, let's play the license plate game.



JAKE: You peed in my living room. You walked in while everybody was watching football. You were higher than I've ever seen anybody in my entire life. You said time to drain the main hose and then you peed on my couch.



AMIR: I see one from New York.



JAKE: We're in New York.







AMIR: (to driver) Hey, buddy, can we speed up a little? Okay, we aint gettin' any younger back here.



JAKE: My uncle was really nice to offer us a ride.



AMIR: Yeah, and I'm really nice not to be (raising voice) screaming about how slow we're going!



JAKE: You're screaming now.



AMIR: I am, (simultaneously, in high-pitched whine) now I'm screaming. I'm screaming now because I'm upset! That doesn't mean that I'm screaming. Yeah, I'm only trying to scream because you're getting me pissed!



JAKE: (simultaneously) You were just screaming. Now you're screaming. Oh my God, now you're doing that high-pitched squealing, oh my God!







AMIR: (holding Mad Libs) Okay, let's just play Mad Libs. Or as I call them, Happy Libs 'cause they make me (simultaneously) cum.



JAKE: (simultaneously) Happy.



AMIR: (short pause) Happy!







AMIR: Alright, I need a number.



JAKE: Eight.



AMIR: Ooh. You should've said 69, it would've been a lot funnier.



JAKE: Am I playing or are you?



AMIR: You, you, you, you, you! I'm gonna write 69 for now though







AMIR: I spy with my little eyes something beige. 



JAKE: You told my aunt that her yams were dry.



AMIR: Yeah, they were.



JAKE: And you were grabbing both of her breasts while you said it.



AMIR: As a joke!







(Jake and Amir are sleeping, Amir's head on Jake's shoulder Amir wakes up, screams beginning chant of Circle of Life)



JAKE: (waking up) Oh my God, why did you do that? 







AMIR: (to driver) Whoa, look out, tire!



(screeching and honking)



JAKE: Jesus, dude!



AMIR: (laughs) Oldest trick in the book.







AMIR: (singing) Ya take one down and pass it around.



JAKE: My grandfather needs that oxygen tank to survive. You went up to him during dessert and said hey Scuba Steve let me take that tank for a test swim. You ripped all the tubes out of his nose, stuck them up your butt, and farted. How do you live with yourself?







AMIR: Think I'm gonna take a cat-nap.



JAKE: Fine.



AMIR: (resting head on Jake's shoulder) Meow!



(Jake grimaces, Amir scowls like a cat)







(Amir is holding phone)



JAKE: Wow, mean text from your dad.



AMIR: (snorts) I know, right?



JAKE: Sorry to miss you at Thanksgiving, not.



AMIR: It's how he jokes, look at this.



JAKE: It's a picture of him burning your childhood room.



AMIR: Yeah, I know.



JAKE: That's mean.



AMIR: He's a meanie. (to phone) You're mean!







(Amir is holding Mad Libs)



AMIR: (reading) Plane talk: A one-act 69 to be voluntarily performed by two 69s. Haha, I made that one up.



JAKE: I know.







AMIR: I once failed a driving test, a blood test, and a personality test at the same frickin time.



JAKE: How do you fail a personality test? They just tell you what kind of personality you have.



AMIR: I failed for eating a fat cock-meat sandwich right during the session.



JAKE: Okay, got it.



AMIR: Also, I stabbed the therapist in the eye with a tack! And I'd do the same to you!



JAKE: Whoa!







(Jake is holding Amir's phone)



JAKE: Oh, boy.



AMIR: What?



JAKE: Right here you ask your dad for his address and he just straight-up says no.



AMIR: Yeah, pfft.



JAKE: You said please and he doesn't respond for four full days. He finally says 554 go fuck yourself lane, Topeka Kansas in the good ole U.S of gay. He attached a picture of your entire family, without you, eating a turkey dinner.



AMIR: That's funny.



JAKE: You know what, man? I'm happy you came back with me for Thanksgiving.



AMIR: Me too.



(pause, Amir meows and rests his head on Jake's shoulder again)



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO



Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, ya dopehead! (laughs)



Jake: Why is that funny?



Amir: I don't know.







Amir: You don't even care that today's my half birthday.



Jake: I don't think it is.



Amir: So I was right!



Cheryl: Special delivery from accounting. 



Amir: I didn't ask for anything.



Cheryl: Yeah, you asked for a receipt, are you sure?



Amir: Aaah, no!



Cheryl: Yes!



Amir: He didn't!



Cheryl: He did!



Cheryl and Amir: (screams)



Amir: Oh my god, let me see that rock, girl! Damn! Did you win the Super Bowl or get engaged!



Cheryl: Four carats! Todd's a lawyer, so...



Jake: Alright, who's Todd?



Amir: Ok, ok, aaah! Tell me everything!



Cheryl: Ok, ok. So you know how him mom, like, hates me?



Amir: Mhm.



Cheryl: Ok, so as a big fuck you to her, her dad is like really sick...



Amir: (laughs) Yeah.



Cheryl: I know, so lame. So I show up at the house..



Jake (interrupting): Hey dude, you gonna apologize to me for the cork?



Cheryl: Jake, you pussy?



Amir: Cheryl's getting married.



Cheryl: I'm getting married.



Jake: Alright, you guys can't drink in the office. Also, who are you?



Amir: Cheryl is one of my oldest friends.



Jake: Fine.



Amir: Don't worry, we're still besties. 



Jake: I don't care.



Amir: You fucking prick.



Jake: Don't do this. Come on.



Cheryl: Be strong, Amir.



Amir: Yeah I'm trying to, but you treat me like such shit sometimes.



Jake: Come on, don't be a pussy.



Cheryl: Hey! Don't say that word in front of me.



Jake: You just called me a pussy.



Cheryl: Don't say that around me, that's messed up.



Jake: What are you talking about?



Cheryl: You are lucky that my best friend in the world has a mancrush on you. Otherwise, I'd stab you in the face. I wouldn't think anything of it.



Jake: Your best friend in the whole world? I've known Amir for 5 years, and I've just heard of you.



Cheryl: Yeah, we met yesterday.



Jake: You said you were his oldest friend.



Cheryl: I'm 50. Thank you for saying I look fantastic.



Jake: I didn't say it, but you do.



Amir: I want you out of my life.



Jake: None of that stuff is mine.



Cheryl: Take the stuff, pussy.



Amir: Pussy, take the stuff please, pussy, because I'm really starting to get sad now, pussy.



Jake: Now you guys are both saying pussy.



Cheryl: AY AY AY AY AY!

													

														Amir- Thar she blows



Jake- Are you sure? You've been saying that at every single house we've passed



Amir- No, this is it. 255 Mapleville Road. I'm 100% certain of it. Ready to give away a car?



Jake- I am, I just don't want you to get pepper sprayed again

. 

Amir- Uh trust me (unzips hoodie) We're good. Hahaha yeah it just still really hurts my eyes, so don't make me laugh



(Knock on door)



Ellie-Whoa! I won?



Jake- That's right. You just got a free Fiat 500 from our friends at Fiat



Ellie- Yes! This is awesome! 



Amir-(goes to High-five Jake) High-five Bro. 



Jake- Congratulate him, not me

.

Amir- You never high-five me



Ellie- I appreciate the gift, but alas can't keep it. I donate it to Amir



Amir- (looking around) Wow I don't know what to say...umm, yes I accept



Jake- Wait, what?



Ellie- I appreciate the gift, but alas cannot keep it. I donate it to Amir.



Amir- He donates it to me. What don't you get?



Jake- I don't get why he's not taking the awesome, free car.



Ellie- I appreciate the gift, but alas can't keep it. I-



Jake- Right, no I get that alas you cannot keep it



Amir- Alas, dude, alas



Jake- Ellie, right? do you know Amir? 



Ellie- I appreciate the gift, but alas can't keep it. I-



Jake- Ellie, what's your real name?



Ellie- It's Chad man. I'm an actor. Amir hired me to do this



Amir- Don't break character Chad.



Jake- You really gotta hire better actors



Chad- What?



Amir- He can save it



Jake- He can't save it



Chad- I can save it



Amir- What does it matter if he can save it or not? Okay, it doesn't matter if he's an actor. He's donating the car to me. 



Jake- It's not his car to donate. Okay, we have to go to the real winners house



Chad- (yelling as they walk away) I appreciate it. 



(At new house now)



Jake- Ah thar she-



Jake- Don't



Amir- Okay. (start walking up) Actually I'm gonna chill out here. Throw me the keys though? (Jake throws keys, Amir misses)Hello, that was close.



(Both walk up to the house, Amir fakes pushing the call button at the intercom)



Amir- oh, guess he's not here. Let's go back to Chad. (Jake rings button for real, Amir complains)



(Guy walks out and they start clapping)



Amir- Congratulations. You win a car!



Guy- I... Holy... this is fantastic



Amir- This is all real



Guy- I cannot believe this



Amir- Come check it out

Jake- This bright red Fiat 500 is going to take us to Boston, Massachusetts for our show in The House of Blues



Guy- That's pretty, that's pretty cool



Amir- What do you think? What's going through your mind



Guy- This is crazy



Amir- He can't even process it



Guy- It's a mixture of this car actually being here and you guys actually being here



Amir- Yeah, it's all just happening together



Guy- I am actually supposed to be studying for a test right now



Amir- Why don't you take a seat. Soak it all in. Get the new car smell 



Guy- I would love to. (Gets in car) This is like the perfect car for me



Amir- The perfect car!



Guy- I fit perfectly



Amir- He fits perfectly. Everyone would fit perfectly into a Fiat 500.



(Jake pats his back)



Amir- Hey



Jake- What's up?



Amir- You're just constantly touching me



THE END



LINK

													

														INTRO



AMIR: Hey, you're watching Jake and Ami-- urp.



JAKE: You just threw up!



AMIR: I hiccuped food.







[The CH staff are gathered for a meeting.]



PAUL: So, there's something really important we need to talk about now. There is... a disgusting smell coming from that side of the office, and we're starting to get bugs; we're starting to get rats...



[Amir glances at Jake. Jake chooses to ignore him.]



PAUL: ...the facility says they're gonna start charging us extra... I know a lot of people eat over there. We've got all kinds of people eating food over there, and it's-- it's really, really foul, and...



[Amir texts Jake, then amends his text after the fact.]



[AMIR: BOOOO-RIIINNNGGGG]



[AMIR: !!!!!!]



PAUL: ...clearly, something's gotta be done about this. So... I-- you know, I just want to make sure... everybody's using good hygiene; 



[JAKE: This whole meeting is about you. YOU are the stench he's talking about.]



[Amir scoffs silently.]



PAUL: Is everybody showering every day? Is everybody brushing their teeth? Is everybody... occasionally wearing deodorant, maybe?



[AMIR: ======))~~~~~]



[AMIR: ======= )~~~~~]



[AMIR: (That's a dick.)]



[AMIR: LOOK at ME]



[AMIR: LOOOK AT MEEEE!!!!!]



PAUL:I mean, I think that would probably be a good idea...



[Jake gives in and looks at Amir. Amir makes a goofy face with his tongue sticking out, and farts as he makes it.]



PAUL: ...um, so it's really not clear to me why we can't act like adults, because... this is a professional place of business, we have a lot of visitors who come in...



[JAKE: You just farted.]



[AMIR: I made a face :)]



[AMIR: :)]



PAUL: ...and, a lot of them are repelled--



[JAKE: I saw your face. You also farted. People noticed.]



PAUL: Uh, Jake. Could you put that phone away, please? Thank you.



[Jake tucks his phone away. Amir smirks.]



PAUL: We actually had... an ad sales client in here last week...



[Amir immediately begins texting Jake again.]



PAUL: ...who was saying that they would love to spend four million dollars with us, but they couldn't, because... they were actually vomiting in the bathroom because the smell was so bad.



[AMIR: This relationship isn't working out. Congrats.]



[AMIR: Congrats. You just ruined this. Look at me. Because its over.]



[AMIR: Text me back or I'm gonna call you out for being a bitch.]



[Jake ignores Amir's texts.]



AMIR: Jake's a bitch.



[The room goes silent.]



MURPH: Ha!



[Jenny turns to look at Murph.]



MURPH: [whispering] He's a bitch.



PAUL: So, we're really trying to figure out... how we can make this better...



[JAKE: Please stop texting me.]



[AMIR: Congrats. You just made a fool of me.]



...because... we can't continue to do this. It's-- it's a professional place of business, the whole side of the office is just-- just horrendous...



[JAKE: Wow stop saying congrats.]



PAUL ...this... horrible, horrible stench that's coming from over there, and, so... y'know-- I don't know if somebody's over there... going to the bathroom, and... not taking care of things properly...



[Amir points the camera of his phone into his pants, takes a picture of his penis, and texts it to Jake twice.]



[AMIR: That is for you to suck on.]



[JAKE: Sent that twice]



[AMIR: Suck on it.]



PAUL: ...or... if there's... some other problem that we need to address, but, clearly this is something that can't continue--



[JAKE: And I'm reporting you to hr now. For real]



PAUL: Jake. I'm not going to ask you again.



[Jake puts the phone down.]



PAUL: Thank you. ...So as I was saying...



[Amir begins texting Jake again.]



PAUL: ...um, I want whoever it is to, kind of, look himself or herself in the eye, make sure that... you're really thinking about your co-workers.



[AMIR: SPANKED!!!!!!!!!!!!]



[JAKE: Stop dude]



[AMIR: Epic SPANK!!!!!]



PAUL: Because...It's very selfish. It's very unfair, to... create this kind of work environment.



[JAKE: This is harassment]



[AMIR: YOU GOT SPANKED]



[Amir takes another picture of his penis, and sends it to Jake.]



PAUL: I mean, the smell is so bad, it's-- it's just... unconsciona--



[AMIR: That is my dicks sorry face. As in SORRY you got SPANKED!!!!!]



PAUL: Jake... leave.



JAKE: I wasn't texting...



AMIR: Get out, bitch.



[Jake gets up to leave.]



PAUL: Oh, and Jake?



JAKE: Yeah.



PAUL: Thanks.



JAKE: For what?



PAUL: Bein' a bitch. Jake's a bitch!



[Paul begins a room-wide chant.]



ALL: Jake's a bitch! Jake's a bitch! Jake's a bitch! Jake's a bitch! Jake's a bitch! Jake's a bitch! Jake's a bitch! Jake's a bitch!



[Jake leaves.]



MURPH: Get out, bitch!



[The room falls silent, and people stare at Murph.]



MURPH: He's a bitch!







END

													

														INTRO



AMIR: Hey, your watching Jake.



JAKE: ...And Amir.



AMIR: Well I'm only watching you.



JAKE: Jesus.







AMIR: (videotaping Basilio doing parkour) Ohhh yeah boy!



JAKE: Hey, dude, your 48 frantic texts said you were getting robbed.



AMIR: Hey wanna see something amazing?



JAKE: I came here because I thought you were in danger.



(Basilio does a flip)



AMIR: Ahhh! Danger of missing that cupcake! (laughs)



JAKE: You swore on your father's life that you just witnessed a double murder. You were hiding in a garbage can because you saw two Puerto Rican deli workers get hacked to bits? Your voice mail ended with you saying I think they see me and then six minutes of screaming.



AMIR: How'd you like to be famous on YouTube?



JAKE: I wouldn't.



AMIR: Bull spit. Hey, that's my friend Basilio, okay? He's a professional parkour-doer-guy-thing.



JAKE: Doesn't sound like the correct name for that, right?



(Basilio does a flip)



AMIR: Ahhhhh! (grabs Jake)



JAKE: Okay, seriously, don't touch me! Alright? Why did you invite me here?



AMIR: Hey, you think that's good?



JAKE: I guess.



AMIR: Read it and weep!



JAKE: Read what?



AMIR: (hands Jake the camera) Hold that. (Amir tries to do a flip, runs into the wall, and falls on the ground) Oh ganked that! False start, unless, did I stick it? I didn't get a good vantage point of it.



JAKE: Did you feel like you ran up the wall and did a back flip?



AMIR: I don't know, maybe. It just... Basilio says that you lose yourself in the zone, right? You get into like this zone and you just sort of can't really tell what's going on anymore, so maybe I stuck it and I just wasn't aware.



JAKE: He hits a zone, you hit the wall.



AMIR: No, I think I did it. I think I stuck the landing too, which is the hardest part, right B?



JAKE: Your first reaction was to say Ah, ganked that. Do you think that was a good thing?



AMIR: It's a great thing in parkour, it's a great thing to say that.



BASILIO: It's not.



AMIR: What do you know, man, okay? You don't know jack. It is!



JAKE: He's the professional, and he says it's not.



AMIR: Yeah, well he's a little bitch that knows less about parkour than you do! (groans with pain)



JAKE: Okay, don't do that. He's obviously being nice and trying to teach you.



BASILIO: I wasn't teaching him anything; he's been following me around with his video camera for three hours!



AMIR: Okay, freestyle walking is all about self expression!



JAKE: Wow! Oh my God, your arm is dislocated bad.



(Amir's arm is bent all the way backwards)



AMIR: Small price to pay for landing it square. Help me up!



(Jake pulls Amir's dislocated arm to help him up, pulls it out further)



AMIR: Ahhh!

													

														INTRO



JAKE: You're watching Jake and Amir.



AMIR: And Amir.



JAKE: I already said both names.



AMIR: Did you?







AMIR: Hey dude, will you check out my album?



JAKE: No.



AMIR: You didn't even let me finish!



JAKE: Yes I did, I just said no really quickly.



AMIR: Will you just give my album a listen and let me know what you think?



JAKE: How is that different than checking it out, which I just said no to?



AMIR: I, yeah, it's just that I spent like a bad amount of money recording this album and I really wanna know what your opinion is because I respect it... Not!



JAKE: Okay, so I'm not gonna check out the album.



AMIR: (starts crying) Nononononono what? Oh my God, I was kidding, okay? It's like a 'Not' joke, and you're crying about it! How is that-



JAKE: -You're crying.



AMIR: Please just let me know what you think, okay? Just give it a listen and tweet about it, then maybe, like, Facebook about it, blog about it, Tumble about it.



JAKE: Okay, one: you're still crying, two: it sounds like you want me to promote the album.



AMIR: That's the least you can do, okay, after I spent, like, a bad amount of money recording it.



JAKE: Stop saying that! And it's not the least I can do; the least I can do is ignore you, which I plan on doing.



AMIR: Okay, ignore me, huh? Ignore (plays album) this!



(bad radio frequency sounds are playing)



JAKE: Oh, no...



AMIR: Right?



JAKE: Okay, is this the album?



AMIR: This is shit! Oh my God, if they botched the entire thing I'm gonna be pissed.



JAKE: Sounds like you should be pissed.



AMIR: No, this is just what track number one sounds like. I'm just... If the rest of it sounds like this I'm gonna be pissed because I spent, like,



JAKE AND AMIR: a bad amount of money.



JAKE: I know.



AMIR: I spent a bad amount of money on it.



JAKE: What's a bad amount of money?



AMIR: It's like the worst amount.



(Amir's recorded voice starts playing)



AMIR: (on album) Yo, alright, here we go, here we go, here we go, yo! Oh, okay. Turn my mic up, actually. Can you turn my mic up? I spent, like, a bad amount of money for this recording session, and my mic isn't even up!



JAKE: So this is the album.



AMIR: (turns album off) Good question. It's called Chillin' in the Streets: the Night Diary of Amir Valerie Blumenfeld, a Jake Hurwitz Production.



JAKE: Awesome. Take my name off the title.



AMIR: Oh, now you give a shit! For two minutes it's just radio silence, and all of a sudden I give you some credit - one iota, not too much, just enough - and you come out of the wood works. Well guess what?



JAKE: What?



AMIR: I don't know, man. I don't know what I'm gonna say-



JAKE: -Take my name off the title!



AMIR: Wanna know the worst part?



JAKE: That you spent a bad amount of money-



AMIR: -That I spent a bad amount of money!



JAKE: Relax! You're yelling, okay?



AMIR: I have an earache.

													

														INTRO



AMIR: Who has two thumbs and you're watching Jake and Amir?



JAKE: Not how that goes.



AMIR: Nooo.  







AMIR: (Checks laptop)  Oh no!  (Slams elbows on desk)



JAKE: What?



AMIR: Do you get this e-mail even?



JAKE: What e-mail?



AMIR: (interrupts and imitates Jake) What e-mail?  Look then if you don't know.  Don't ask me a question; be proactive, check it out



JAKE: You asked me if I got the e-mail.  I said 'what e-mail?'.  What



AMIR: Secret Santa e-mail, okay?



JAKE: That e-mail came in a week ago!



AMIR: Secret Santa, huh?  More like Secret Not.



JAKE: You gotta stop it with that Not joke, okay?  It never works.



AMIR: Oh this is the worst day of my life since last year's Secret Santa e-mail.



JAKE: Why is it so bad?



AMIR: Do you even know what Secret Santa is?



JAKE: We randomly choose a co-worker to give a gift to at the Christmas party?



AMIR: Okay, I'm gonna stop you right there.



JAKE: I was done talking.



AMIR: (Gestures towards Jake) C-Can I?



JAKE: I was finished.



AMIR: What?



JAKE: Yes, go ahead.



AMIR: (Continues to gesture towards Jake and tilts head up) Can I talk?



JAKE: That's how a conversation works; I'm done talking!  You don't...What is...I don't even know...What happening right now?



AMIR: Give a gift: That's my problem right there; giving a gift.  You realize there are children starving in Africa right now, right?  And I'd rather punch them all in the face than have to give a shitty ass co-worker a shitty ass gift.



JAKE: So don't sign up.



AMIR: Don't sign up.  Ah haha!  That's great! Except for then I wouldn't get (slams fists on desk for emphasis) a gift!  I wouldn't get (slams fists on desk for emphasis) a gift And I  want (slams fists on desk for emphasis) a gift!  I just don't want to give (slams fists on desk for emphasis) one.



JAKE: You're a bad person.



AMIR: Whatever, Man, I'll just giftwrap a piece of garbage and give it to an employee, I don't care. (Begins to cry)



JAKE: You know you're crying?



AMIR: (Sarcasm) Wow.



JAKE: You're crying right now, okay?!  You realize you're almost 30 and you're crying?  You cry more than any



AMIR: Almost 30! 



JAKE: You've come to say you cry more than any other adult I know.



AMIR: I know, I know.



JAKE: If you know then make a change!



AMIR: I'm starving!



JAKE: That's like a baby excuse for why they would cry.



AMIR: Thanks for calling me your baby.



JAKE: I didn't call you my baby.



MARINA: Alright, you guys gotta pick your name for Secret Santa.



AMIR: Jake.



Marina: Out of a hat.



AMIR: Jake out of a hat then.



JAKE: Just pick a name, Dude.



AMIR: (Picks name out of hat) Okay, giftwrap garbage for this guy if you don't let me choose again.



MARINA: Fine.



AMIR: (Pulls out/Puts back different names from hat) No.  No.  No.  No.  No.  No.  No. (Pauses to look at name) No.  (Picks a new name) Oh.  Mmmkay.  



(Marina peaks at the name Amir has picked)



JAKE: Come on.



MARINA: Yeah, he didn't even get you.



AMIR: I can't even read the small writing, okay!?  Let me choose again or I'm gonna cry. (Begins to cry)



MARINA: You're already crying.



AMIR: Aw I'm his baby.  Gotta love me.



THE END



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3I4_lwry44

													

														INTRO



JAKE: You're watching Jake and Amir.



AMIR: Stop telling them what to do!



JAKE: I didn't.







(Secret Santa gift opening is taking place)



ROSIE: (Unwraps a new motorcycle helmet)  Whoa, this is perfect for my new hog.  



(Office staff applauds minus Amir who is shaking his head)



AMIR: Nah.  Stop!  



(Office staff stops applauding)



AMIR: Bad gift!  Given by a bad man!



JENNY: I gave it.



AMIR: A bad woman than.  A wolf in cheap clothing.  (Pulls at Jenny's shirt)



JENNY: Hey!



JAKE: Hey, hey, don't touch her alright?  (Whispers to Jenny) Sorry.  



JENNY: (Whispers back to Jake.)  Thanks



EMILY: (Pushes through staff) Okay, me next!  (Unwraps gift)  It's a picture of Murph and he looks really good.



(Murph's picture is shown then cuts over to Murph making the same face in the picture)



(Staff applauds)



AMIR: Boo!



(Applause stops)



AMIR: She already has that!



EMILY: No, I don't.



AMIR: You do now!  She has it now!  How can you argue against that?



JAKE: Nobod



AMIR: She has it now!



JAKE: Nobody's arguing that, alright, but can I ask you a question?  You know, everybody else looks normal here, what are you wearing?



(Zooms out to reveal Amir is wearing a pink onsie.)



AMIR: (Shrugs)  Jeans.



JAKE: They're clearly not jeans.  It's some pink onsie.



(Amir turns around to reveal a poop stain on the rear of the onsie)



JAKE: And you shit yourself!



AMIR: I got excited.



JAKE: Not a good reason.  That's a bad reason to shit in your pants.  And like, you scotch taped mistletoe above your...



AMIR: Yeah, my D, 'cause I'm tryna get it kissed.



(Jake shakes his head)



AMIR: What?



JAKE: You have fresh shit in your onsie and you're trying to get your dick sucked?  



AMIR: It's called a blumpkin, alright?  I already pooped myself so the blowy's in root.  



JAKE: You're horrible.



AMIR: What about you?  You should put some mistletoe on that cameltoe, huh?  Make the girls scream ho, ho, NOOO!



JAKE: Just go open your gift, you fucking sociopath.



(Amir unwraps a clipboard)



AMIR: Whoa!  It's a petition signed by everyone in the office that says We want you out of our lives.



(Office staff applauds)



AMIR: Thank-you, thank- you!  



JAKE: Stop it.  That'sIt's not a nice gift.



OFFICE STAFF: (Chanting) Amir Sucks!



(Amir starts dancing)



(A noose is thrown a Amir)



AMIR: Whoa, a lasso!  Kinky!



JAKE: Okay, you know what?  Stop it, you guys.  



(Chanting stops)



JAKE: I'm disappointed in all of you guys.  



AMIR: (Waves noose around)  Giggity gigitty.



JAKE: Stop it, they want you to kill yourself.



AMIR: And giggity goo.  (Pulls noose over head)



JAKE: Look, you guys, I know Amir isn't the easiest person to work with, okay?  I know more than anybody.  But it's a holiday season, a season of second chances. right?  So why don't you say we put aside our differences for 12 hours, we go downstairs, we have the best holiday party this company has everOH!



(Jake runs to Amir's rescue as Amir chokes and is being lifted up by his coworkers with the noose around his neck)



AMIR: JAKE!



MURPH: Let's drop him on 3!  On 3!  1, 2



JAKE: NO, NO!



THE END



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWGTvFmrx3w

													

														Jake: You're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: You're ugly to me never.



Jake: Oh my god, you don't have to talk.







Amir: Why do they call it a soup kitchen? It's not a soup and it's not a kitchen.



Jake: It is a kitchen.



Amir: It's not a soup, though!



Jake: Okay, okay. Don't yell at them. Hey, did you wash your hands? That's the one thing they asked us to do.



Amir: Trust me, we're good.



Jake: I don't trust you. Did you wash your hands?



Amir: Believe you me--



Jake: I don't.



Amir: I didn't either.



Jake: Well, I did. I'm saying I don't believe you. 



Amir: I did too.



Jake: Let me serve the soup. Let me serve--



Amir: Heyyy. You know I feel like soup is just a bowl full of ingredients mixed up, blended right, and served to order.



Jake: Yeah, look, there's a long line of people here. 



Amir: Yeah, they can wait.



Jake: They shouldn't have to.



Amir: What?



Jake: They shouldn't have to.



Amir: Huh?



Jake: They should have--



Amir: What? 



Jake: Hey, can I see your hands?



Amir: What have I touched in the last week that's considered unhygienic? 



Jake: You haven't washed your hands in a week?



Amir: I'm low-balling it!



Jake: You shouldn't be. Don't serve soup anymore! Okay? Hey, his hands are really dirty, bud. Don't put out the tip jar!



Amir: Okay, I'm trying to score some extra cash on the side! You think I'm just doing this for the pussy? 



Jake: Oh my god. You wrote T-I-P-E-J-R-E. Tipejre. 



Amir: Oh come.



Jake: Ohhh.



Amir: No soup for you! Ahaha. I'm just kidding, though. Keep walking.



Jake: Okay, so you're not kidding. You're not giving him soup! 



Amir: It's a joke! It's from Jerry Seinfeld. Hey, follow me on Twitter. 



Jake: Oh, come on.



Amir: What? At me!



Jake: You showed up outside the soup kitchen this morning completely high. You were handing out water bottles filled with Vodka to people, saying one free bottle of godwater to anybody who goes home right now and skips dinner. You know you got twelve people to leave.



Amir: I feel like this is a public shaming of me.



Jake: It is. You know what, it is. Be ashamed of yourself.



Amir: If it makes you feel any better, I washed my hands in the soup. 



Jake: Doesn't. That makes me feel worse.



Amir: Right in the frickin fresh batch of split pea. How's that for a shit me? I served this country too, man! I served it soup! Huh? You wanna see my ID? It says Not Welcome! 



Jake: This soup is freezing cold, man. You had one job was to put it on the burner. 



Amir: You sound like such a tool when you say stuff like burner, man.



Jake: What are you talk--



Amir: Nobody talks like that! Okay, now we have to clean up, too? How is this fair? 



Jake: Because you dumped soup everywhere.



Amir: Oh my god. Mr. Comeback's got an answer to all my quick little jokes, don't you?



Jake: Fine, you go home. I'll clean.



Amir: Nononono. Okay?  I wanna hang out. I just don't wanna be helpful at all. Jesus. Tis the season, right?

													

														Amir: You're watching Jake and Amirand now you're not.



Jake: They still are.



Amir: Fudge.







Amir: Oh my... Oh my god! No! No! It was perfect!



Jake: What?



Amir: You gotta be kidding me with this! It was perfect! Unhh!



Jake: What are you talking about?



Amir: Facebook just jumped the shark. Okay, they had a perfect game going and they overdid it! Okay, trust me, I follow a lot of design Tumblrs, so I know when I see things that are overdone, and they overdid it.



Jake: What's wrong with it?



Amir: It's different. Which means it's bad. Which means I'm pissed. Okay, the big three.



Jake: Those all sound like one thing.



Amir: No, I've kept quiet till now, but I'm gonna make a Facebook group about it.



Jake: You didn't keep quiet at all! You found out about it 10 seconds ago and you were yelling about it ever since. And looking at your Facebook profile, it looks like, wow, yeah, you've protested every single Facebook redesign!



Amir: I deleted those groups!



Jake: First of all, you didn't. Second of all, that doesn't change my point. Look at this first group, okay? Four years ago: Ten thousand strong against the Facebook newsfeed



Amir: Newsfeed, yeah.



Jake: Facebook was flawless and now it's garbage. They had a perfect game going.



Amir: It was garbage. Yeah, they jumped the shark.



Jake: Fine. Six months later you wrote, Holy carp, why change perfection? Facebook is without flaw, but new design change makes it official: they just jumped the shark. A hundred thousand strong against this Obamanation.



Amir: Yeah, that group was partly political.



Jake: Right.



Amir: And guess what? It filled up.



Jake: No it didn't. No membersyou're not even a member! Jesus Christ! Next one: Delete the Facebook Graffiti Wall. It's a joke and a fool. Two weeks later: One million strong to bring back Graffiti Wall. I know I abused it, but I miss it.



Amir: Straight up, they jumped the carp, when they lost the Graffiti Wall. Like...



Jake: Lemme ask you a question: do you notice a pattern?



Amir: [In a whiny and very high-pitched voice] Yeah, Facebook jumps the frickin' shark, okay? Every time they have a perfect game going and they fricking sell out! They jump the carp!



Jake: Oh my god, your voice is painful! Look, here's another thing man: every single week you try to start a national Deactivate Facebook Day. Like, here's one that says Zark Fuckerberg is gonna start charging for Facebook. Please read now and delete your account.



Amir: He started. He started charging, seven bucks a pop.



Jake: No he didn't!



Amir: He didn't, because enough people joined the group!



Jake: You just lied, then, cause you said he did start charging.



Amir: Oh my god, the facts are in on Twitter: Facebook was perfect but they just made it Myspace! NO!



Jake: You know you said that two years ago: Ten million strong against the new Facebook, cause they just made it Myspace.



Amir: [Crying] Yeah, cause it sucked!



Jake: Oh my god, stop crying! You just said it was perfect. The same version you hated two years ago, you just called it perfect.



Amir: Garbage becomes perfect over time as you get used to the garbage and forget what made it so bad. Like, you don't get the Internet and commenting in general, so it's not even worth saying



Jake: By the way, have you been to Myspace recently? It's just a music video website. There's no profiles or anything.



Amir: Yeah, you know why?



Jake: Cause they jumped the shark



Amir: Cause they jumped the carthe, yeahthe shark, exactly right.







Original Location



Episode Link



Spare me your change.

													

														Jake: You're watching Jake and Amir...



Amir: Are you talkin' to me?



Jake: Bad impression.



Amir: It was fine.







Amir: How was your break?



Jake: It was really nice actually...



Amir: Yeah, are you just sayin' that to make me jealous?  Cause it's working.



Jake: I'm just saying it was nice to see my family, it was fun to hang out with my friends from high school...



Amir: Yeah, I wasn't home for but two minutes before the old man offers me a grilled jizz sandwich.  Curious, I say yes, and he chucks a cast iron skillet at the back of my face.



Jake: The back of your face?



Amir: The back of my fricken' face!  Yeah, hit me square and crack goes my weasel.



Jake: Hey! Don't ruin my day with this sad sad story...uncross the eyes, there it is.



Amir: So I say nope not this year, not again, I'm better than this, and I book it like a librarian as my dad threatens to move.  Only problem is, Uh oh, mommy's lying supine underneath my back tires threatening to sue me if I run over her head like a fricken' coconut.



Jake: Jesus Christ...



Amir: My Hanukkah wish, didn't come true cause my old man is just pushin' the hood of the car beggin' to the only god he knows to run the bitch over and I'm ridin' shotgun with my hand on the E-brake while the old maid is in the back fricken' planking underneath my back tires, kissing the pavement, begging me to fucking run her over too.  I'm crying like a coward up there right, screaming It's a set-up, it's a set-up!



Jake: Why did you even go home?!



Amir: I was asking myself the same question when my dad popped a squat on the windshield of my rented Kia Sorento and tried to drop a deuce.



Jake: Tried?



Amir: Yeah! Tried.  Turns out he didn't have to go and the only thing he could muster was a little bit of pee and a shart roughly the size of a dead tadpole.  Looked like a mud-covered slug and stank like a pug.  So I flip on the old windshield wipers, throw the Sorento into drive and crash through my parents garage.  Flip a U-bang and I start humming to myself ?Silent Night?.  Only problem is I'm sad as hell.



Jake: Yeah, I would be too.



Amir: But I figure hey, 'tis the season who doesn't love a second chance so I swing by the mall and buy my dad a two thousand dollar watch.  Yeah, a gold roly-poly for that oldy-trolly.



Jake: Oh no...



Amir: Oh no is...wrong!  Yeah, turns out gold isn't his color because when I get home the entire house is gutted, empty, and there's a note on what's left of the door that says here died a happy family, RIP, thanks to you, Amir.  Can you believe that?  Callin' me out like that?  Rawdoggin' me in front of my girl.



Jake: So oh no was right, by the way, and, what girl?



Amir: Oh that's another thing.  I brought home a Thai whore just to show my dad that I had a mate in life.



Jake: Why do you want his affection?  It sounds like he's a terrible person.



Amir: He means well.



Jake: No, he doesn't.  How could he possibly mean well?



Amir: How's this for a happy ending?  New Years Eve Eve, December 39th.



Jake: Wrong.



Amir: I get a call from a jail in Fresno saying that they locked my old man up and threw away the key.  I'm alone, not doing anything anyway so I toss on a wig and hoof it down to the 'No to bail his ass out.  He pretends he doesn't even recognize me, his only daughter!



Jake: You haven't been right about any of the things you've said, well, ever.



Amir: I spend another 15K trying to bail him out of that Alabam Slamma' and he tells the bailiff he'd rather rot in hell than owe that son of a bitch coward, me, a fricken' dime.  Wanna know the icing on the cake?



Jake: Not really.



Amir: Me and my dad made up and he's coming to live with me in NYC, the big crapple.



Jake: That sounds like the worst idea ever.



Amir: I thought so too, but he promised to make me a grilled jizz on day one.



Jake: Isn't that just when he knocks you out with a...



Amir: Cast iron skillet, yeah, right to the back of my fricken' face.  But at least I have a dad.



Jake: I have a dad.



Amir: I'm talking about Pat.



Pat: You monster!

													

														INTRO

JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.

AMIR: That's it, huh. No "Hi"?

JAKE: I said "Hey..."

AMIR: You said "hey" not "hi!"

JAKE: Are you upset that I didn't buy any cookies?

AMIR: Whatever, right? Whatever. Isn't that what you said?

JAKE: Because I'm upset that you showed up to work four hours late and you're wearing a skirt and you're trying to act like it's normal.

AMIR: I'm a Brownie, okay, you can either deal with it or not.

JAKE: I guess not.

AMIR: Deal with it.

JAKE: So I don't have that second option.

AMIR: Options are for closers, alright. I gotta move a hundred and fifty boxes of Thin Mints and it tastes like chocolate-covered toothpaste, but a Brownie's gotta do what a Brownie's gotta do. And guess what? This Brownie? She's gotta do.

JAKE: Nice.

AMIR: Do you mean that?

JAKE: No.

AMIR: Thank you.

JAKE: I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that you're definitely not a Brownie, because I think if you tried to sign up they would arrest you for being a pedophile.

AMIR: Read the sash.

JAKE: You're not wearing a sash.

AMIR: I have more patches than a frickin' rodeo, man.

JAKE: Do they have patches there?

AMIR: I don't know, probably!

JAKE: Right, there's your badge for not giving a shit.

[Amir points to badge confidently]

JAKE: Doesn't sound official.

AMIR: I officially don't care.

JAKE: That pin says "Most Bitchly!"

AMIR: Yeah! Yeah, it does, okay? But it's a reminder for me to not be such a bitchly! I'm a little ashamed about it but I keep it on!

JAKE: Listen to your voice.

AMIR: What?

JAKE: Don't let it get to that octave.

AMIR: No, I'm keeping it-

JAKE: [voice gradually getting higher] Don't let it get up here!

AMIR: To me, I'm like, always here, but every once in a while you just say "Oh, stop with that voice."

JAKE: You get really excited and start talking really fast like-

AMIR: [in a high voice] No that's not even-

JAKE: Yeah, yeah yeah.

AMIR: Okay, yeah.

JAKE: You just did it.

AMIR: I'm starting to hear it a little bit.

JAKE: What's the game plan here? Sell the cookies, raise money for like-

AMIR: Here's a tip. Every five year old in my chapter? Yeah. Their dads are [stutters] dwwiltfs.

JAKE: ...What?

AMIR: Dads whose wife I'd like to fuck.

JAKE: [shakes head] You're a bad guy.

AMIR: [messily applies red lipstick to his face] Why so serious?

[Jake stares in confusion, Amir looks down and caps lipstick]

AMIR: Dammit. Shit. Uhh, yeah. I went for it, didn't get it. That's... that's gonna happen. Dane Cook even tells jokes that sometimes don't get laughs. That doesn't mean shit. That feeling never gets old...

[Jake gets out his phone]

AMIR: Don't take a picture. Don't tweet it. This lipstick was expensive as shit, too. It wasn't... yeah. This feeling sucks. It was like a total, total gut-check. Maybe it's like the beret thing. It takes... It's too far away from The Joker that... girl scout outfit. What?

JAKE: I didn't say anything.

AMIR: Maybe you didn't hear. I'm gonna give it one more shot. 3, 2, 1... WHY SO SE-

JAKE: I heard it!

AMIR: Okay!													

														INTRO:



JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



AMIR: Alright, cut.



JAKE: AAHH, he cut me! He cut me!







[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks. Amir fumbles with a fortune cookie, trying to get the fortune out.]



AMIR: Hi.



JAKE: Hey.



AMIR: Create your own reality; don't wait for happiness. You know?



JAKE: Fortune cookie, nice.



AMIR: Amir cookie, nice.



JAKE: Don't yell!



AMIR: It's a word of wisdom I came up with, and you're giving me jack shit for credit.



JAKE: You sure it wasn't inside that fortune cookie that you just opened? There's crumbs all over you.



AMIR: This is sand, okay? I was eating a sand-based nut, a sandnut, so there's cookie sand all over me if that's what you're bitching about.



JAKE: How is it cookie sand if it was a sandnut? Also, neither of those things exist. Cookie sand and sandnut? You made them both up.



AMIR: Create your own reality and don't wait for happiness, okay? It is only by creating that that that that that that that joy that you can be in the zone.



JAKE: Sounds like you're trying to remember what the fortune cookie said, now you're not quite getting it.



AMIR: No, I said create... What I came up with was Create your own reality, and don't wait for happiness. It is by creating that that that that that that that joy that you can be in the zone.



JAKE: First part makes sense, the second part does not sound smart.



AMIR: How's this for not sounding smart: I once ate a gay beetle.



JAKE: How'd you know it was gay?



AMIR: It was humping another beetle.



JAKE: Was it another male beetle?



AMIR: Does it matter?



JAKE: Why'd you eat it?



AMIR: Doesn't matter.



JAKE: Fine. Whatever. Cause create your own reality, don't wait for happiness, right?



AMIR: Hahaha, you're talking out of your ass.



JAKE: Ugh, new laugh?



AMIR: Yeah.



JAKE: It's bad.



AMIR: It's good.



JAKE: Lemme see the fortune.



(Amir gives Jake the fortune)



JAKE: It is only in creating that that that joy that you can be in the zone.



AMIR: Told you!



JAKE: Where did you get these?



AMIR: A homeless asian dwarf lady gave me like twenty of these on the way to work today.



JAKE: Lemme have one.



(Amir gives Jake a fortune cookie. Jake starts eating it.)



JAKE: OW, OW!



AMIR: What is it?!



JAKE: It's sharp and hot!



AMIR: I told you! It's a sand nut, you're not supposed to eat it, you're supposed to just read the fortune!



JAKE: Where's the for- AGH there's a beetle in here!



AMIR: Is it gay?!

													

														Intro



AMIR: You're watching Jake and Amir. We PIMP's.



JAKE: Stick to the script...



AMIR: PIMP's.







Office



[Amir arrives]



JAKE: Hey, nine hours late today.



AMIR: Mondays...



JAKE: Thursday, and why is your shirt soaking wet?



AMIR: Laundry day! Ooh, that was hard.



JAKE: Was hard... Never act like I'm incorrect.



AMIR: Sorry, just that Tuesdays are my laundry day.



JAKE: It's Thursday, and you just thought it was Monday.



AMIR: Yeah, last Saturday I thought it was Sunday, turns out it was Thursday, how's that for a Tuesday? Talk about the worst Monday ever, Wednesday.



JAKE: Start making sense, now.



AMIR: I woke up on the right side of the bed this morning in the first time in a calender year. Spotted a pile of laundry, my laundry and dirty clothes and said haahahaa... Not today!



JAKE: You said: haahahaa... Not today!?



AMIR: That's exactly right. Then I washed it, I dried it, I folded it, and to top that o-



JAKE: [Interrupts] I'm gonna stop you right there because you didn't dry it.



AMIR: I didn't fold it either, but you're not busting my chops about that are you? You know what your problem is? You bust my chops, and I love you for it.



JAKE: I'm not gonna talk to you for the rest of the day I think...



AMIR: I'm air-drying okay? Sorry.



JAKE: It's 20 degrees outside, do you not feel cold?



AMIR: I don't feel anything, Okay. I'm numb... And cold.



JAKE: So cold.



AMIR: I'm numb though too, numb and cold. So numb that I don't even feel how cold I am.



JAKE: Yeah, you're numb because you're cold.



AMIR: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's true exactly right okay. It's the first time you've ever made a point so legit that I didn't want to punch you in the tits about it.



JAKE: Unclench your fist. What are you doing? Chill out, okay? You want to now ha?



AMIR: [Punches Jake] Changed my mind.



JAKE: Why are you being so agressive right now?



AMIR: Maybe becacuse you haven't even complimented me once about washing my clothes.



JAKE: You did a bad job.



AMIR: I did a good job of washing it, of washing it I said.



JAKE: [Smells Amir's shirt] Ooh, no you didn't.



AMIR: It's vinegar.



JAKE: It's vinegar.



AMIR: It's vinegar.



JAKE: Why vinegar?



AMIR: Why are you not complimenting me, okay. Just because it's vinegar it doesn't mean you're not gonna compliment me.



JAKE: It's exactly what it means, yes.



AMIR: [Sigh] Here come the waterworks...



JAKE: Are you waiting for me to cry, or-



AMIR: Yeah I'm waiting for you.



JAKE: You're crying.



AMIR: You're the one who's about to.



JAKE: You're crying.



AMIR: It's both of us, look at us crying up here like a bunch of ninnies. [Laughs] Everyone turn back, don't look at us two dudes, two grown men just sharing a beef.



JAKE: What are you...What's a beef?



AMIR: We're beefing right now.



JAKE: No, we're not.



AMIR: Yeah, we're having a beef, that's what it's called when two guys just hang out and start crying, they're giving a beef.



JAKE: We're not b-



AMIR: We're beefing!



JAKE: We're not.



AMIR: We're beefing!



JAKE: You're beefing.



AMIR: We're beefing!



JAKE: You are beefing.



AMIR: We're beefing!



JAKE: Oh my god I feel so sorry for you right now.



AMIR: We're beefing!



JAKE: Allright.



AMIR: I'm a beef.



CH Outro



AMIR: We're beefing!



THE END



WATCH THE EPISODE

													

														Title:



Jake: You're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: Wait wait I'm going to sneeze.



Jake: You don't even have to be here. (Amir Sneezes)



Amir: Sorry.



Episode:



(Jake comes in to work rolling a suit case)



Amir: Um, no?



Jake: What?



Amir: Throw that suitcase away, or I'll throw you away.



Jake: Okay fine, throw me away.



Amir: Throw me a bone.



Jake: I'm going on vacation, don't freak out.



Amir: Why would I freak out? Okay, I just have one question...



(Amir bends down and hits his head on his desk)



Jake: You alright? Are you putting on sun glasses?



Amir: No.



Jake: Oo, dropped 'em.



Amir: No.



Jake: Look, just ask me the question.



(Amir hits his head coming up from under the desk wearing sun glasses and eye glasses)



Amir: Hahaha, where are we going?



Jake: Why didn't you take off your other glasses?



Amir: Didn't need to.



Jake: I'm going to Los Angeles.



Amir: Los Angeles, what?



Jake: You said the whole thing.



Amir: I said the whole thing, what?



Jake: Stop acting surprised, okay? I told you about this every single day for a month.



(Amir takes off sun glasses, looks into distance, flashback sequence begins)



Jake: Hey, by the way I'm going to L.A. in a few weeks. 



Amir: Got it.



(Cut)



Jake: Hey, just remember I'm going to L.A. in a few weeks.



Amir: Right, yeah, I know.



(Cut)



Jake: Hey, where am I going in a few weeks?



Amir: L.A.!



Jake: There you go.



(Cut)



Jake: I'm going to L.A.



Amir: I know, you're going to L.A.



(Cut)



Amir: You're still going to Los Angeles soon, right?



Jake: Yeah.



Amir: Have fun. 



(Flashback sequence ends)



Amir: Um, how about no?



Jake: Yes.



Amir: No.



Jake: Yes.



Amir: No.



Jake: Yes.



Amir: No.



Jake: Yes. 



Amir: Yes. 



Jake: Yes. 



Amir: Gotcha!



Jake: No, you didn't. 



Amir: Okay, that's it, I'm giving you a dose of the silent treatment. That is, until we're flying over El Grand Canyon together.



Jake: You think you're coming with me?



Amir: Correction. I think I'm coming with ya.



Jake: Then you didn't just correct me. 



Amir: If you didn't want me to come, then you shouldn't have told me about the trip. 



Jake: How is, how is, no! No. That doesn't make any sense. 



Amir: Yeah, neither does this! Ten little guys with styes for eyes kicked me my ties ties (trails off, incomprehensible. Jake looks in bewilderment)



Amir: I'm coming on the trip!



Jake: You're not invited. 



Amir: Whoa, since when?



Jake: You have to know you're not invited, you're currently begging to come!



Amir: Okay, we're going to laugh about this. We're going to look back and laugh when we're cruising down Hollweird Bouletard.



Jake: Wow, I'm not taking you.



Amir: I'm going to have one for every street, okay? Relax. Ventura Bouletard, Sunset Bouletard, Sepulveda Bouletard.



Jake: Yeah.



(All at the same time)



Amir: Wilshire Bouletard, Avenue of the Tards 



Jake: Right, sounds like the same joke!



Amir: No, its going to be funny when we're out there! It's going to be funny when we're out there together. 



Jake: You're not coming. Okay. You followed me to Florida, you crashed my Thanksgiving this year, you somehow managed to wind up on every single family vacation I've ever been on. You know what? You've followed me to L.A. before. Do you remember that?



Amir: (With sun glasses on again) Winning!



Jake: How do you do that so fast? (Amir's sunglasses are off again) You are not coming with me.



Amir: (In airplane next to Jake) Deal! Haha!



Jake: (Both look at each other) Why did you just say deal?

													

														Opening Sequence



Amir: You're watching Me and Amir.



Jake: You are Amir.



Amir: Not for long!



Jake: Ahh my face!







Episode



(Jake and Amir are sitting in an airplane)



Amir: Oh! Who'd you smooch on New Year's?



Jake: You hid a boxcutter in my jacket, man.



(Amir requests a flight attendant, who arrives)



Amir: Hey. Can I get a Jack and Diet? Hold the Jack, hold the Diet, and make it a kiss.



Jake: I'm so sorry.



(The flight attendant leaves)



Amir: Of the French variety. That's no tongue!



Jake: That's wrong.



(Amir is sitting up in his seat)



Amir: Special announcement! Sorry everyone. Who wants to join the mile high club?



Jake: Sit down.



Amir: Sorry sir, ladies only. Mile high club, for those of you who don't know, is when we fuck in the lavatory. Sorry, just 

didn't want to be too crass in case there were any young'uns on board.



Jake: That was really really crass.



(Jake is trying to open a bag of MMs or something)



Amir: Oh my god, lemme open it!



(Amir takes it from Jake and rips it open, sending the candy everywhere)



Amir: Wow, that was hard.



(Amir is sitting up in his seat again)



Amir: No takers for the mile high club, huh? Okay let's take her down to half a mile high club, that's where you finger me in 

line for the lavatory. Male or female. Any takers?



(Amir is trying to get past Jake)



Amir: Lemme just sneak over you!



Jake: I'll get up, here.



Amir: No, don't get up don't get up don't get up. Don't get up don't get up don't get up. Don't get up!



Jake: Shouldn't be this hard.



(Amir is coming back)



Amir: Note to you: first class doesn't get hijacking humor. No laughs, and a tackle attempt.



(Amir is reading Sky Mall)



Amir: This magazine is dope. Sky Mall; it's dope. Sky Mall is dope! Talk to me! I'm trying to have a conversation with you!



Jake: What? What?



Amir: I'm trying to talk to you about something. Say Sky Mall is dope! Say it's dope!



Jake: Oh my godlook at you! Why do you do this, you're crgo a day! Go one day without breaking down and crying about 

something.



Amir: Will you just get me this USB cathair trimmer please? Okay, it's really cheap and it's really really



Jake: Dope?



Amir: really dope! Yeah, it's dope.



(Amir is sitting up in his seat again)



Amir: Alright let's bring her down to cruising altitude, that's a quarter mile high club, that means we hug in the aisle, you 

go in the lavatory, and I just stay on the outside in the aisle giving people the stinkeye. Huh? Let's go, guys only this 

round.



(Amir has a takeout box of Chinese food)



Amir: Oo. Any takers?



Jake: Oh my god! What is that?



Amir: It's shrimp and egg yolks, relax. I bought it during my last flight in 2002, froze it, and nuked it three weeks ago. I 

smuggled it onto the plane in my socks.



Jake: Why?



Amir: I like shrimp!



(Amir is sitting up in his seat again)



Amir: Okay great, then it looks like I'm all by my lonesome in the zero mile high club, that's where I beat off under my 

blanket and cry because I can't get hard.



Jake: That's not gonna work out, because wow, you're really hard right now.



Amir: Yeah, because I got excited thinking about the quarter mile high club, huh? The hugging one.



(Jake takes away Amir's laptop)



Amir: Hey!



Jake: Jesus christ, you can't watch porn up here dude.



Amir: It's not illegal!



Jake: This porn is illegal.



(Amir is missing)



Pilot (Thomas Middleditch): Will the passenger desperately banging on the cockpit door please stop? It's padlocked shut. Also, 

we can see that you wet your pants.



(Amir has returned)



Amir: You'll never guess where I frikking just was, man: the cockadoodle pit. They let me fly the plane.



Jake: You know, we heard themyou did wet your pants, right?



(The flight attendant is back)



Amir: Hi, can I get some cranberry and vodka? Hold the cran, hold the vod, put some ice in your asscrack and sit on my 

lapcrack.



(The flight attendant leaves)



Jake: Jesus christ.



Amir: She's probably going to get the ice now.







Outro



(Amir is talking to the flight attendant by an emergency door)



Amir: Sorry about all that stuff earlier, I'm kinda crazy. Woah, (opens the emergency door) oh god!

													

														INTRO:



Amir: You're watching Jake and Amir, and now you're not.



Jake: They still are.



Amir: Fuuudge.



(Jake is sleeping in a hotel room bed, Amir is sitting next to him with a cup of tea)



Amir: makes strange face, mumbles quietly, blows on Jakes face, clinks teacup with saucer trying to wake Jake up



Amir: (Loudly) Our Los Angeles itinerary is as follows:



Jake: What time is it?



Amir: (Singing) 6 a.m, day after Christmas, I put mumbles



Jake: Why did you...



Amir: (Singing loudly) She's a brick and I'm drowning slowly!



Jake: Stop singing...



Amir: (Still singing) Off the brick and...



Jake: Stop singing that song!



Amir: It's about a fun vacation!



Jake: It's not about a fun vacation, it's about a... Why did you get me up this early?



Amir: When I tell you the reason? Yeah you're gonna feel like a goose. Okay, so I urge you to back down now.



Jake: Just tell me.



Amir: I made you tea. It's too late, I said it, you're a jerk.



Jake: No, I don't think that was nice, it wasn't nice of you to make tea this early and then wake me up.



Amir: (Laughs in a somewhat surprised way) I didn't want it to get cold!



Jake: Bad logic. Bad logic, right? Make the tea later.



Amir: I knew you were gonna say that.



Jake: If you knew I was gonna say that then why did you do it?



Amir: Because I didn't know until you said it, and then right as you said it I knew!



Jake: Okay then you didn't know! So don't...



Amir: (Punches Jake twice) Tit punch!



Jake: Dude, why did you do that?



Amir: Ya get one tit punch!



Jake: That was two.



Amir: A bonus tit punch for counting the tit punches... Like a tit.



Jake: Just tell me what the itinerary is...



Amir: (Reading from a paper) 6 a.m: Wake up, receive a tit punch.



Jake: Great. Done. Next.



Amir: 6:15: Triple S, shower, shave, shit.



Jake: Bad order.



Amir: At the same time.



Jake: Jesus Christ.



Amir: 7:30: Tour the canyon, there's a beautiful spot in the middle where you can see the Colorado river for miles. (Jake looks confused) 8 a.m: Rent donkeys, hire a local jackass, pun intended, to help us navigate...



Jake: Okay stop it, do you think we're at the Grand Canyon?



Amir: (Hesitates, folds the paper) No.



Jake: (Grabs paper) A lot of this stuff is canyon related.



Amir: (Dismissively) Name twelve. And make sure that they're about the Grand Canyon specifically, not just about any canyon.



Jake: Great. Easy. 9 a.m: Get a view of the canyon, she is grand, and she is canyon.



Amir: I am a shame.



Jake: 10 a.m: Get matching Grand Canyon tattoos. They should read This friendship is as grand as the canyon. Arizona.



Amir: No.



Jake: Yeah. 11 a.m. just says Arizona eight times in a row.



Amir: This is a public shaming of me.



Jake: No it's... We're in a... No it's not.



Amir: This is so messed up. I made like an amazing jackass-donkey pun earlier, and we're just glossing over it.



Jake: The stuff that's not canyon related is just straight up mean.



Amir: (Whiny) It's poking fun at society! Yeah okay, who are we if we can't laugh at ourselves?



Jake: (Talking as Amir is whining) Oh my god, stop with the voice.



Amir: You know not everyone has these rose colored sunglasses that you do!



Jake: 1 p.m: Break all the baby food at the supermarket so the babies have no food?



Amir: Occupy Baby Street.



Jake: 2 p.m. says French kiss a French bulldog. Why do you wanna do that?



Amir: That's not me, that's you! Unless you wanna get... 



Jake: Tit punched, right, I...



Amir: Tit punched! (Punches Jake again, spills tea on him)



Jake: Oh my god, it's boiling!



Amir: Ah, I didn't want it to get cold!

													

														INTRO  



JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.  



AMIR: And I love you for it.  



JAKE: Nice.  



AMIR: I was talking to you.  







(JAKE and AMIR are soaking together at the soaking pool)  



AMIR : This L.A. pool party is going swimmingly (chuckling). (looks upset) (mumbling) Jesus christ! Oh my God. Can you tell these jokes that anyone, anyone would laugh at. And just met this silence and his being such a f.. Why befriends with them.. So clear what's going on here. He's tryin' to aggie one to tell more jokes. That's the only way to interpret this. Like why would somebody be such a dumb not funny asshole.  



JAKE :  (paying attention to Amir) You know, I can hear you.  



AMIR : (Shouting) I.. You know what, f**k you very much! I'm leaving. (Stands up)  



JAKE : Oh o my God! Sit down! Sit down! You're completely naked.  



AMIR: I'll sit. Under one condition  



JAKE : (interrupting) You're already sitting.  



AMIR : Fine. (shakes his head and sighs) I'm bored. Let's chicken fight.  



JAKE : Yea, you're not gonna straddle my neck.  



AMIR : WOW! Presumptuous much! You're straddling mine.  



JAKE : Okay, so just to recap. You followed me across the country to my aunt's house, got completely naked in her kitchen, and then cannonballed into her Jacuzzi, you stood up, and said "Let's turn up the heat and turn on the jets. And you started to pissing and blowing bubbles in the water with your mouth. By the way you swallowed a lot of pee water.  



AMIR : (Spurts) No.  



JAKE : Yeah, you did. That was bright yellow, buddy.  



AMIR : Buddy.  



JAKE : Buddy.  



AMIR : Buddy.  



JAKE : Then  you waited half an hour to tell that swimmingly-I guess-it-was-a-joke.  



AMIR : It took me awhile to think of it just now. I'm sorry.  



JAKE : You didn't think of it just now cause I heard you practicing it in the kitchen.  



AMIR : Once. Maybe.  



JAKE: Twice. Definitely. I also heard you practicing it last night.  



AMIR : A little bit.   



JAKE : Okay. Well then you keep on lying cause first you said you thought of it just now  



AMIR : Yea. (Nods)  



JAKE : Then you admitted to practicing it in the kitchen  



AMIR : Right. Yea!  



JAKE : And then you admitted to practicing it again last night.  



AMIR : Yes.  



JAKE : So you constantly back paddling and telling lies.  



AMIR : Yes.  



JAKE : Everything you say is wrong.  



AMIR : (Mumbling) How is this wrong, it was my birthday last week and you didn't do jack squat about it.  



JAKE : Yea it wasn't, Co... Oh no.  



AMIR : Yea.   



JAKE : It was.  



AMIR : Yea.  



JAKE : Wow.  



AMIR : Yea.   



JAKE : I'm sorry.  



AMIR: Yea.  



JAKE : I totally forgot.  



AMIR : Yeah.  



JAKE: Where'd you get that?  



AMIR : It's a whatchamacallit.  



JAKE : Look I'm sorry.  



AMIR : I'm sorry too. Sorry you did me like that.   



JAKE : That's not why you're sorry, that's why I'm sorry.  



AMIR : Yeah, you are sorry. Sorry for forgetting my birthday.  



JAKE : Exactly. That's.. fine I deserved that.  



AMIR : Yea you did deserve it. You deserved it because you're sorry because you forgot my birthday maybe.  



JAKE : Not maybe.Yes, definitely. Look, everything you're saying is something that I'm saying myself.   



AMIR : Exactly, I'm saying it because you said...  



JAKE : (interrupting Amir) Oh my God.. Look if there's anything I can do to make it up to you just let me know.  



AMIR : I guess there's one thing.  



JAKE : (Amir carries Jake on his back and plays chicken fight by themselves) Okay, I think we're done here.   



AMIR : No no no no... Not until we got a competitor  



JAKE : I don't think anybody's coming.  



AMIR : Then we'll wait! Okay, we'll wait.  



JAKE : Dude, you're.. You're not very steady.. (Jake starts falling)  



THE END  



EPISODE LINK : Jake And Amir : Jacuzzi

													

														INTRO- BEN: Hey. My name is Ben Schwartz and together we can make a difference. Jake and Ameesh.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



EXT: Park 



AMIR: How is this fun?



JAKE: Because we're on vacation from work.



AMIR: EH!



JAKE: Because it's nice outside.



AMIR: Wrong!



JAKE: Why ask the question if there's not a right answer?



(A net is thrown on Jake and Amir)



(Enter Mountain Hiker)



JAKE: Jesus Christ!



AMIR: AH!



MOUNTAIN HIKER: I gotcha ya! Finally!



AMIR: Yay!



MOUNTAIN HIKER: Ah, I'm so sorry. I thought you guys were cows.



JAKE: Why?



MOUNTAIN HIKER: Because of the way you were talking.



JAKE: You heard us talking and then you thought we were cows?



MOUNTAIN HIKER: Who am I?



JAKE: Nobody asked that.



AMIR: I did.



JAKE: You did not ask that. I am standing right next to you.



AMIR: Who are you?



MOUNTAIN HIKER: (Look at and point to Amir) Thank you so much for asking that. You guys know Bear Grylls?



JAKE and AMIR: Yeah.



MOUNTAIN HIKER: (to Jake) Yeah, well, I'm Stanley.



JAKE: Is that related? Who- Stanley Grylls?



MOUNTAIN HIKER: (to Amir) Who the fuck is Stanley Grylls? Who's this guy?



AMIR: What?



MOUNTAIN HIKER: (to Amir) Who's this jack-a-lope you bring along?



(Amir laughs)



JAKE: The way you s- The way you said it made it sound like you-



MOUNTAIN HIKER: I can help you guys outta here.



JAKE: Out of the net?



MOUNTAIN HIKER: No no no. A baby could get out of that net. 



AMIR: (Like a baby) WAH!



JAKE: Relax. What are you even doing here?



MOUNTAIN HIKER: I'm happy you asked that. I am hunting the most dangerous game of all.



JAKE: (Overlapping) Cows?



MOUNTAIN HIKER: (Overlapping) Cows.



JAKE: Why do you think cows are dangerous?



MOUNTAIN HIKER: Think about it, man. Overweighted-ness, diabetes, heart failure, um...choking on stuff.



JAKE: You're saying they're all caused by beef?



MOUNTAIN HIKER: (to Amir) What the fuck is beef? Who is this guy?!



AMIR: He's-



JAKE: What do you- You don't know what beef is?



AMIR: He's kidding.



JAKE: I'm not kidding.



MOUNTAIN HIKER: Well are you kidding?



JAKE: No. I'm not kidding.



MOUNTAIN HIKER: (to Amir) Surely, he's kidding.



AMIR: (Overlapping) He's kidding.



JAKE: (Overlapping) I'm not kidding.



MOUNTAIN HIKER: (to Amir) Thank grood-ness.



JAKE: Why do you think that cows are the number 1 killer in all the world? What about, car accidents?



MOUNTAIN HIKER: Uh, half the cars in the United States and Milwaukee are all driven by bovines.



JAKE: Milwaukee is in the United States and no, that's not true. Where did you get that information?



MOUNTAIN HIKER: Saw it in a documentary. (point to Amir) You should see it. It's called The Far Side by Gary Larson.



AMIR: Is it on Netflix?



MOUNTAIN HIKER: Uh, I think it's on Netflix In-staunt.



JAKE: Okay, not how you pronounce it. That's a cartoon.



MOUNTAIN HIKER: Uh, a cartoon based on facts.



JAKE: A cartoon based on jokes.



MOUNTAIN HIKER: A cartoon based on jokey facts.



(Amir and Mountain Hiker start to laugh and start at each other while they continue to laugh)



JAKE: Just-just jokes. Just don't laugh like that. Oh God. What are you guys doing? Just making each other laugh like this? Why? (to Amir) Are you flirting right now? Is this how you flirt with each other?



(Mountain Hiker punches Jake in the face)



MOUNTAIN HIKER: Hold back, hold back, hold back.



(Amir backs away)



JAKE: OW!



MOUNTAIN HIKER: Moo moo.



JAKE: No!



MOUNTAIN HIKER: Oh! You're not a cow.



JAKE: Why did you think I was a cow?



MOUNTAIN HIKER: Ugh, the way you were using your cow-y fingers I was almost certain of it that time.



JAKE: Fingers? Cows have hooves.



MOUNTAIN HIKER: (Laughs) Cows has hooves! (To a tree) You hear that, Tree? Cows has hooves. (Laughs) Next thing you're going to tell me is that top hats don't have tops. (Laughs)



JAKE: Draw a cow!



MOUNTAIN HIKER: I can't draw a cow. There's not enough time.



JAKE: It'll take you 2 seconds.



MOUNTAIN HIKER: Okay, stop. You could give me 2 months straight and all I have to do is draw a cow, and even then, I couldn't draw a fucking cow.



JAKE: That is so sad.



MOUNTAIN HIKER: We can talk about cows until they come home, but the fact of the matter remains your friend is missing and we must find him



JAKE: First of all, he's not my friend. Second of all, he's not missing. He's right- 



(Amir is gone)



JAKE: Where is he?



MOUNTAIN HIKER: The hunt is on. Do you have your safari hat?



JAKE: No.



MOUNTAIN HIKER: Good. (whisper) You're gonna need it.



JAKE: I said I didn't have one so it's not good, right?



(Mountain Hiker tries to figure out the direction of the wind and rubs his finger on Jake's chest)



JAKE: Oh! So wet! Why did you do that?



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO



BEN: (in announcer voice) Captain Internet here, and you're watching Jake and Amish!







(Ben puts nose near Jake)



JAKE: Don't smell me! I'm serious, don't. (simultaneously) I've asked you so many times.



BEN: (simultaneously) Yeah, well it's either smell or touch. Did you see which way he went?



JAKE: Don't do either! I haven't seen which way he went, but he's dragging a net, he couldn't have gone far.



BEN: Who is Anette, by the way?



JAKE: No, not the name, he's dragging a net.



BEN: Yeah, and I'm asking you who's Anette, 'cause I would love to meet her. I don't have a girlfriend right now.



JAKE: I'll tell you what, man.



BEN: Yeah.



JAKE: Let's just split up, we'll cover more ground that way, (Ben leans in to smell) don't smell me.



BEN: You know what, I'll do you one better. Why don't we strip down to our balls and dicks, rub against each other for warmth 'cause it's freezing out here?



JAKE: How is that one better? By the way, dude, it's 90 degrees.



BEN: 90 degrees cold, we should get in a hot-cold bath.



JAKE: Focus!



BEN: (simultaneously) Yeah, I'm focused up. I'm normal, I'm normally focused.



JAKE: (simultaneously) Be normal! Be normal for a second, we have- No, you're not. We have to find Amir, we have to work together.



BEN: Can you believe this? The irony of the whole thing? Me, working with a cow. (chuckles) This is truly my greatest nightmare.



JAKE: Shut up, Ok? Amir's really scared right now.



BEN: Yeah, you got it. I bet he is.







(cut to Amir, in field, covered by net,holding smoothie, on phone)



AMIR: Hello, hello, yes. Uh, I'm gonna need another smoothie, please. (laughs) Basically, you just need to freshen me up. Yeah, same guy in the park. No. No, not the freak-nerd in the net. (laughs) I'm a cool guy in a net. So, I can't believe there's a nerd around, also wearing a net. No, I did pay!







(cut to Jake and Ben sitting on a rock)



BEN: Knock-knock, knock-knock. You here this one, knock-knock.



JAKE: Who's there?



BEN: Interrupting you.



JAKE: Interrupting me-



BEN: Moo! Moo, you idiot. (simultaneously) You idiot, you fell right into my trap.



JAKE: (simultaneously) Ok, that's great, I know, so can we please just focus? And find Amir? Alright, I'm gonna just try calling him and see if he answers.



BEN: It won't work, your cell phone's not gonna work on the mountain.



JAKE: Well, no, I have four bars.



BEN: Oh, really? How bout now? (eats cell phone)



JAKE: Did you swallow it?!



BEN: Now you got three bars.



JAKE: How and why did you just eat my phone?







(cut to Amir, in net, with smoothie, being approached by smoothie guy)



AMIR: If you think for one second I'm gonna pay for that smoothie, you're insane.



GUY: Then I'm not going to give it to you.



AMIR: Now, w-w-wait, ok, what are you gonna do, just throw it away? That's wasteful, it's gonna melt.



GUY: Fine. Just take it.



AMIR: Yess! Oh, and keep your phone on, Ok? I'm gonna call you in about 15 minutes for a third. Oh, and by the way, (spills first smoothie) Oh, yeah!



GUY: You poured that all over your pants!



AMIR: It's hard to do that in this net, Ok, at least I went for it.







(cut to Jake and Ben walking down path, Ben hugging Jake)



JAKE: Yeah, you gotta walk on your own for a minute.



BEN: Hey, are you getting tired?



JAKE: No, I'm not tired.



BEN: 'Cause I could tickle you to keep you awake. It goes like (tickles Jake) Heeey!



JAKE: Stop it, I'm not tired.



BEN: Well, maybe how 'bout that dick of yours?



JAKE: Stop it, I'm not-



BEN: Right, yeah, yeah. But you looked like you were yawning for a tiny bit.



JAKE: It doesn't matter. Even if I was tired I wouldn't need you to tickle me.



BEN: Right, but I should do it to test the waters.



JAKE: No, don't test the waters.



BEN: (reaches to tickle) Like, test the waters. (laughs)



JAKE: You just tested the waters and it didn't work out, right?



BEN: Hey, Amir.



(Amir walks by in net with smoothie)



AMIR: Hey.



JAKE: That's Amir. Hey, dude.



BEN: Hey, I found him! So now what's up, boss?



JAKE: Are you Ok?



AMIR: I'm freezing.



BEN: Ooh.



JAKE: Don't say that, 'cause then this guy's gonna-



BEN: Do you want us to strip down to our (Amir joins in, simultaneously) dicks and balls and cuddle together for warmth because it's freezing?!



(Ben hugs Amir, a strange animal cry is heard)



BEN: Was that a cow?



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. 

Amir: And we're watching you. 

Jake: No we're not. 



(In a car in heavy traffic)

Amir: (singing) Nevermind, I'll find someone like you. I wish nothing but the best for you too. Don't-- (Jake turns on radio and quickly turns it off) 

I have a headache. 

Jake: You were just singing. 

Amir: I can sing, I just, it hurts me to hear other people sing. It's like how you can make fun of my mom, but I can't. 

Jake: That's not how that works. 

Amir: It's 'cause I'm too close to her, but you have a lot of material to work with--she's dumb and short. (pause) We shoulda never taken the freeway, man. Zgh (half sneeze-cough noise) freeway this time of day, zgh, forget about it. Killer. 

Jake: Such a bad laugh. It's like you're not breathing. 

Amir: Tzgh.

Jake: No, let it out. 

Amir: Tzgh.

Jake: Stop it, it makes me, like, anxious. 

Amir: Tzgh.

Jake: What' funny right now to you? 

Amir: Jgh. 

Jake: You're like a choking animal. 

Amir: I'm trying out a new laugh. 

Jake: Don't. 

Amir: Get off here. 

Jake: Where?

Amir: Just get off here. My GPS says there's like back roads we can take to the freeway. 

Jake: What GPS? 

Amir: I don't have it on me, it was from--just get off and I'll use my frickin' spidey sense, okay? I'm really good at navigating city streets. 

Jake: We have to get to the airport. We have to make our flight. This is the only way we can go. 

(Amir farts) Amir: Jerk. 

Jake: Don't say jerk as you fart like that. Roll down your window. 

Amir: Let's just clambake it. Are you really a girl? (pause) What is the meaning of this madness? I know. My phone does say gridlock traffic for the next three miles, though. 

Jake: Your phone has been dead for three days. 

Amir: Oh, is that how long we've been stuck in this gridlock? (Amir laughs, honks horn in frustration that Jake doesn't) LAUGH! 

Jake: Why would you do that? 

Amir: Lemme just look at your phone. Nngh (same noise as before). (Into phone) Hello, 411? Yeah, Amir here. Amir Hurwitz. Why the traffic? 

Jake: It doesn't matter why there's traffic. We have to stay on this road no matter what. 

Amir: She says hold on, but it's gridlock. 

Jake: Gimme my phone. 

Amir: How bout I drop it?

Jake: How bout you don't.

Amir: What's the magic word?

Jake: Please don't.

Amir: Be my slave for a month. 

Jake: Fine. 

Amir: Fine what? 

Jake: Fine, I'll be your slave for a month. 

(Amir throws phone out the window)

Amir: Let's just do you're my slave for two weeks, okay? 

Jake: No. 

Amir: For two measly weeks you won't even be my slave? Oh my God, I thought you were a bitch, but I didn't think you were a bitch extraordinary! 

Jake: Okay, I'm not even pissed, alright? You just owe me five hundre--Oh my God. (Amir just out of car window to retrieve phone)

Amir: (on the windshield) Guess what, man? You're my slave now. (drops the phone) Oh no! For two weeks. For two weeks! 

Jake: Hey! Get in the car. 

													

														Jake: You're watching Jake and Amir



Amir: That's what she said!



Jake: No, she didn't



Amir: I know you are but what am I?



(Jake and amir are in the bathroom, Jake is holding a toothbrush)



Jake: First thing first I'm teaching you how to brush you teeth, right? So put pants on.



(Camera shows shot of Amir's pixelated grey penis)



Amir: Oh my god, like you've never seen a penis before!



Jake: Not one that...



Amir: Big!



Jake: Grey, is what I was going to say. Alright, the key to brushing your teeth efficiently is...



Amir: I know, once a week mother!



Jake: Circular motion. Okay, stop acting like you know what I'm going to say.



Amir: Sorry, mother



Jake: You want to get just a little bit of tooth paste on the brush like this.. Stop peeing! Stop Peeing!



Amir: It says use a pee sized amount, okay. I was just comparing.



Jake: It's getting on my legs!



Amir: Oh, you've never felt pee before



Jake: No, not on my legs.. Stop peeing! Okay, you want to start with your bottom teeth like this.



Amir: Call me Bleeding Gums Murphy, cause I'm Black!



Jake: Jesus, what is that?



Amir: Chocolate, oil and figs!



Jake: Look at you, you're just brushing your gums, how are your teeth not insanely yellow.



Amir: I white strip for 10 hours a day!



Jake: Seriously? (Touches Amir's Teeth) Oh my God, they're so soft



Amir: Yeah!



Jake: They felt like white beans



Amir: Yeah!



Jake: They're softer than cooked rice



Amir: Yeah!



(Both are now holding dental floss)



Jake: Alright, you want to get the floss real nice and tight like this, and then slide it.



Amir: Ahhhh, it pricked me, little bitch



Jake: I'm serious man you've got to stop white stripping



Amir: Yeah!



Jake: You're teeth feel like velvet



Amir: Yeah!



Jake: Like little rectangles of flannel or something



Amir: Yeah!



Jake: A mouth full of packing pieces



Amir: Yeah!



Jake: They're loose too, I feel like I could just flick one out, no problem



Amir: Oh definitely. Let me feel your teeth Hot shot, let me feel how hard they are (Taps Jake's teeth with a toothbrush) too hard, way too hard, you got to have a little give!



Jake: No, they don't



Amir: You wan to feel a healthy tooth, feel mine



Jake: I just did, did you forget about how this conversation originated



Amir: My teeth are a thousand times softer than yours!



Jake: Exactly!



Amir: Exactly



(Amir, is flossing with a lot of blood in his mouth)



Jake: Slide it through the tooth gently



Amir: Oh crapsicles son of a bitch pricked me again



(Now amir is brushing)



Jake: You should be brushing your teeth for a full two minutes, three times a day



Amir: Okay, I don't have an hour to waste on this bullshit!



Jake: Why do you think it's an hour?



Amir: Thirty times four



(Amir is now flossing, with considerable amounts of blood)



Jake: Alright blood is good, it means your gums are getting healthy



Amir: Ow, little bitch pricked me again!



Jake: No, you're controlling the floss, so you're being a little bitch pricking yourself



Amir: Ahh, she is a demon bitch, but she is good



(Amir is now brushing his hair with a toothbrush)



Jake: I'm not saying it doesn't work, but I'm just saying you shouldn't do it.



Amir: Oh! (Brushes his teeth with the same toothbrush) Ew, salty



Jake: shouldn't be



(Amir is again flossing, his mouth and chin covered in blood)



Amir: AH, Let me show you this floss, let me do it on you!



Jake: No, that's okay



Amir: She is pricking me like there's no tomorrow, let me get a new length of rope!



Jake: The floss? You didn't get a bad string, you're going too hard on your gums



Amir: Oh! Little bitch pricked me a third and final time



Jake: Okay, want to take a little break?



Amir: How about I got the bitch? How about I got the bitch back!



(Amir starts to faint)



Jake: Oh hey, you awake (Catches him)



Amir: I'm awake, I'm awake.

													

														INTRO



JAKE: You're watching Jake and Amir.



AMIR: Oh, you spelled "you're" wrong.



JAKE: Didn't spell it, just said it.



AMIR: Coward!







AMIR: (Holding a heart shaped piece of paper) Okay, what do you think about this for a Valentine's poem?  How Many Words Would It Take by Amir Valarie Blumenfeld.



JAKE: You know you can change your middle name, right?



AMIR: (Reciting poem)  How many words would it take to accurately express what you mean to me?  How can you scientifically quantify how much lighter I become when you enter my day and how heavy I feel when you leave?  How can I describe how my smile just appears magnetically when  I see your face?  (Jake smiles)  How can I possibly count my thoughts of you when I think of you so constantly?  As thoughts within thoughts, within thoughts, within thoughts make it impossible to remember where one began and the other ended.  Time folds into itself as I am already nostalgic for our future and look forward to our past.  For the rest of my life, I love you.  



(There is a short pause as Jake tries to find the words to say)



JAKE: Wow...that was...



AMIR: DUMB, I know!  (Chuckles)



JAKE: No, it was good.  It was really, really good.



AMIR: I texted the first part of it to myself while I was takin' a shit.



JAKE: Dude, it was incredible.



AMIR: And the second part, I was mid-wipe so I just said "fuck it, I'll leave it as a voicemail to myself".  Haha.  Are you crying?



JAKE: (Wiping eyes)  Yeah!  I welled up a little.  Who're you giving that to?



AMIR: I don't know, I just freestyled it off the top of my dick, probably nobody; I'm gonna can it.  (Amir begins to bring the poem down to the garbage)



JAKE: Hey, hey, hey!  N-n-n-no, no Man!



AMIR: What?  You already have a card.



JAKE: No, Dude, I lost it!  It was better than yours and now it's gone!   



AMIR: (Points at the heart shaped piece of paper in Jake's hand) What about that?



JAKE: It's a placeholder.  It's a suckier version of the card I wrote; a dummy version.    



AMIR: Read it.



JAKE: I'll read it to you and if you think it's shwing-worthy then it might just be my actual card.



AMIR: Um...sh



JAKE: (Clears throat obnoxiously)  (Begins to recite poem)  You are blazing to me.  You are so blazing.  No, you're better than blazing; you're blazin'.  No 'g', just an apostrophe, you don't need a 'g', 'cause I'm your G.  So we drop the 'g'.  (Amir scratches his head)  And tonight, you gonna drop your g-string.  Let me see that crack, Girl.  I bet it ain't whack, Girl.  Love, your not-so-secret-admirerer, J-Witz.  (End of poem)  If you thought it sucked it's only because I can't read for shit.



AMIR: No...Man, it was...good...



JAKE: You say that and you mean it, but you're wrong.  



AMIR: What?



JAKE: What did yours say?



AMIR: What does it matter what mine says?



JAKE: 'Cause I'm gonna amend mine!  A little bit!  Based on some of the words you said.



AMIR: But I wrote



JAKE: Just say some of it 'cause I can't remember how stupid it was!  



AMIR: I don't



JAKE: That's all!



AMIR: I don't wanna say any of



JAKE: It was like, "how can I count the ways by-like how many thoughts within thoughts, within thoughts and then nostalgia for our future and past already" or something like that.  "How can I possibly



(Cuts to Sarah continuing the poem aloud, in front of Jake)



SARAH: count the ways you are thinking within, thoughts ,within thoughts, I lost count.  That's the point.  I can't count worth shit because I forget how number work when you're around because you are blazin'.  Love, J-Witz.  What is this?  (Laughs)  This is so weird.  



JAKE: (Snatches card away from Sarah)  I knew you were too dumb to appreciate it.  (Walks away but turns around)  Fuck it, kiss me.  (Reaches for Sarah's face)



SARAH:  Geez, no, ah, stop, no!  (Pushes Jake away)



JAKE: Gotcha!  Haha.  







OUTRO:



(Sarah recites Amir's new poem, in front of Amir)



SARAH: Now tonight, you drop your g-string.  Let me see that crack, Girl.  I bet it's not whack, Girl?  Amir, that's so sweet.



(Amir and Sarah Hug and Jake is seen in background once they pull apart) 



THE END



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dj6sNdGfylY

													

														Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and



Amir: Hey why don't you say my name?!



Jake: You interrupted me!



Amir: Whatever.







Amir: Q, R, S... T, U, V...



Jake: Think about it...



Amir: No! Uh, yeah, I have to think about it.



Jake: No thinking about it?



Amir: I have to think about it, yeah but Ione second. T, U, V...



Jake: You stumped?



Amir: No! I'm not stumped, I'm just figuring it out.



Jake: You know, even if you get it I'm not gonna be impressed because you started at Q.



Amir: Yesterday I ended at R; R, Q



Jake: Back to work, okay?



Amir: Woah, just got my cousin Leron's ezine.



Jake: Did you hear me when I said go back to work?



Amir: Yeah it's an online newsletter.



Jake: I didn't ask what it was.



Amir: It's sort of like about disrupting the status quo, sorta keeping the government on its toes and stuff like that.



Jake: Fine. What's it called?



Amir: Oo, now you care, huh?



Jake: Forget it. Forget I asked



Amir: It's called Poodle Tartar, okay, because he's rawdogging the non-readers.



Jake: Bad. Bad title. So stupid.



Amir: He only writes it on weekends that he doesn't have to spend with his children.



Jake: Oh my god, I hate that he has children.



Amir: Only 9, okay. But they're mostly grown up now. Actually, seven of them are the same age.



Jake: How olwhat?!



Amir: Huh?



Jake: He hathat's septuplets!



Amir: Seven different moms, ya idiot! They choreographed it.



Jake: That seems less likely.



Amir: You'd be surprised.



Jake: I am surprised.



Amir: This one's pretty messed up actually, it's about 300 pages of bomb schematics and pictures of Leron taking a dump on public libraries, which he swears to God is not illegal. And then 

there's, like, a personal treatise devoted to how tipping isn't technically mandatory.



Jake: That's true.



Amir: What?



Jake: Tipping's not mandatory. You don't have to do it. But, a lot of waiters and service persons rely on the income



Amir: Holy guack, I'm never tipping again. What about gifts?



Jake: What about gifts?



Amir: Gifts! Yeah! You know, for birthdays, weddings, funerals, of that nature.



Jake: Don't bring a gift to a funeral.



Amir: Something small, something nice.



Jake: No! Right, buddy? Come on. Have you been to a funeral?



Amir: Yeah, I've been to hundreds.



Jake: Look. Just try to unlearn whatever you just read about in Leron's ezine.



Amir: [On the phone] Mickey my friend! How are you? Long time caller, first time not-giving-a-shitter. You know how last week I crashed your daughter's onesie? Yeah, her one year old 

birthday party at the kiddie gym. Showed up drunk as a kite and promised her the best gift money couldn't buy? Well guess what, Mickey? That ship has docked. Go outside Mickey and try to pretend it's not Thanksgiving, because your eyes are about to feast on the sickest jungle gym you've ever seen. This one's so big it's a goddamn rainforest gym! Splinter-free and polished since '93 in Holished.



Jake: Stupid rhyme.



Amir: [On the phone] You opening the door Mickey? Yeah, check it out Mickey. You're looking at nothing, Mickey. Cause you know what, Mickey? Gifts ain't legal, Mickey!



Jake: Yes they are.



Amir: [On the phone] The only thing I have to get you, Mickey, is a visit from my friend Jonathan Squat AKA jack shit. Yeah, you lied to me Mickey, you pressured me with fake social norms 

Mickey, and for that I urge you to attend your local chocolate factory and go fudge yourself! [Hangs up] Unh!

Jake: God that was impressive.



Amir: Thank you.



Jake: Do you plan that out? Like the, Go outside and pretend it's not Thanksgiving, feast your eyes on this, you plan that out?



Amir: Yeah. Yeah yeah, it's all scripted.



[Amir displays the script to Jake]



Jake: Wow. Learn the alphabet.







Original Location



Episode Link



Gratuity is gratuitous.

													

														Opening Sequence



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: Purple nurple!



Jake: Why are you twisting your nipples?



Amir: Ow.







Episode



(Amir stares at Jake. Jake looks up at Amir, and Amir looks away.)



Jake: What were you doing? Just staring at me?



Amir: New shirt.



Jake: Yeah.



Amir: I know yeah. You don't have to say yeah. I know it is.



Jake: You said new shirt, what do you want me to say to that? How should I respond?



Amir: Say I know you know. You know I know.



Jake: I'm trying to



Amir: What?



Jake: I didn't finish talking. You interrupted me and you said what, mid-sentence.



Amir: Short sleeve.



Jake: It's actually long sleeve, rolled it up.



Amir: It is new though, right?



Jake: It's new, yeah.



(Amir sighs, then they abruptly start talking over each other)



Amir: Where'd you get the shirt? Tell me where you got it!



Jake: I'm not gonna tell you where I bought the shirt. Stop! Why do you wanna know? Why do you care?!



Amir: Because I want it too! That's why I wanna know, because I want to get the shirt too!



Jake: YeaI'm notokay, so that's exactly why I don't want to tell you.



Amir: I'm not gonna wear it on the same day as you, I'm gonna wear it on different days. We can alternate. People won't ever see us 

wearing the same shirt at the same time. Yeah, they won't say, Oh okay, those two guys are wearing the same shirt. It won't look like 

a mirror image!



Jake: I don't want to give you [...] go out there wearing the same shirt. You want everyone to think we're twins? You want that to 

happen! Ioh my god. I don't want thatif you want it to happen, I don't want it to happen. That's why I'm not gonna tell you.



Amir: So yeah, I'll wear it Monday Wednesday Friday, you wear it on Tuesday Thursday, how's that? How's that for a plan?



Jake: That'sit's a bad plan.



Amir: How about I get the same shirt as you? It won't even be the same size, it'll be two different shirts, (incoherent babbling), in 

the same style, same style as it! II'm really really stressed out, because I'm afraid that at the end of the day you're not gonna...



Jake: I hateright, right, right, it'syour veins are popping out of your neck so bad! Breathe! Breathe in! Breathe in! Stop yelling 

and breathe! For three seconds.



(Amir stops yelling)



Jake: Five, four, alright



Amir: I'm afraid that you're not even gonna end up telling me what shirt!



Jake: Oh my god! You... Oh... You know what, you couldn't pull this shirt off. [...] You won't look good in this shirt! This shirtit's 

a bad shirt, but I'm a fucking attractive dude so I make it work for me. You know what I'm saying?



Amir: Because I can't, likewhat I'm gonna walk into a store and go, like, Hey, can I get one that's red and plad just like Jake? 

They won't know who you are! I'm gonna take a picture and send it to you, but, like, what's that gonna get done? At the end of the day? 

Give me a range. Give me a range. Give me a range, okay? Give me, like, 10 stores, I'll go to each one and I'll figure out which shirt 

you're wearing.



Jake: Younothat's so pathetic. You're just gonna walk into?



Amir: Why is that pathetic? That I wanna wear a cool shirt? You're wearing that shirt, are you pathetic?



Jake: What? You're about to cry! You're about to cry! Look at your eyes. Look at your eyes.



Amir: (Babbling) Are you pathetic? Are you pathetic? Are you pathetAnd it's not like I wanna wear one on the same day! It's not like 

I'm gonna wear it on the same day! We can alternate days!



Jake: Oh you want to alternate! So that means, like, I have to call you before workI have to check in with you to see if you're 

wearing my shirt!



Amir: You wear it on Monday, I can wear it on Tuesday, you can wear it on Wednesday, I wear it on Thursday, you wear it on Friday, I 

wear it on Saturday, you wear it Sunday, I can wear it Monday, you can wear it on Tuesday, I can wear it on Wednesday. That's how we 

should



Jake: I'm notthen we can just share this shirt by your logic, right? Yeah



Amir: Yeah! I wanna do that! I wanna share clothes with you, but I feel like I would sort of ease into that, by getting the same 



clothes as you, and then you'd realize that, why are we wasting so much money!



Jake: Knowing that you wanna do that ultimately really freaks me out. StopI wanna s



Amir: We should just wear the same clothes! We can wear the same clothes! Put them in the same!



(They stop yelling over each other)



Jake: FINE! I got it at Forever 21! Okay? Are you happy now? Forever 21! There's a unisex section upstairs!



(Amir is suddenly wearing the same shirt)



Amir: I got the shirt. I said I wouldn't get the shirt, and I did. I did get the shirt. I called your bluff, and you lost.



Pat: Woah, woah, twinsies! Did you guys plan that, or...?



Amir: Yeah.

													

														[NOTE: because there is a lot of play with the pronunciation of the word bagel in this episode, it was a little tough to transcribe in some areas.  If anyone has suggestions for how to improve those areas of the script, as well as the script in general, I'm happy to make adjustments]



INTRO



Jake: You're watching Jake and Amir!



Amir: Yeah.



Jake: Why are your hands so sticky?



Amir: I don't know!



EPISODE



[Several people are standing, quietly preparing bagels]



Amir: I had a fuck dream last night.



[Everyone but Jake leaves]



Jake [as crowd dissipates]: Come on.  Oh, sorry. [to Amir] What are you doing?



Amir: What? I brought bagels* for the whole company and you're doggin' on me for mentioning, just mentioning that I had a dream? I haven't even gotten into the lurid details yet. And they are wet.



*[Amir pronounces bagel "bag-el" as opposed to "bei-gel", which is the normal pronunciation]



Jake: It was inappropriate.



Amir: You bet your ass it was.  Imagine every koala ever, in a bikini.



Jake: Did you buy bagels for everybody just so you can act like an asshole?



Amir: Ok, fine, congratulations for this.  Guys, everyone throw up your bagels right now.  Throw them up or start paying me for them.



Jake: You can't do that.



Amir: Guess what? Everyone owes me two bucks now because Jake's doggin' me.  We'll call it a "Jake doggin' me fee."



Jake: You showed up with bagels around your nipples.



Amir: As a joke.

Jake: You said "bagels on me."



Amir: As a joke.



Jake: And now, you're demanding money, not as a joke, right? You can't do that, it's fucked up.  It's a form of robbery.  It's extortion.  It's also pronounced bagel.



Amir: What am I saying?



Jake: You're saying bagel.



Amir: Right, bagel.



Jake: No, wrong it's-



Amir: Bagel.



Jake: It's-



Amir: Bagel.



Jake: Let me say it.  Because you said it wrong three times in a row, ok?



Amir: Bagel.



Jake: Let's go one syllable at a time.



Amir: Ok.



Jake: Say "beig"



Amir: Daeg.



Jake: "el" [with a soft "e"]



Amir: "el" [with a hard "e"]



Jake: Bagel.



Amir: Baeg-el.



[Jake shakes his head]



Amir: Worse, right?



[Emily enters and begins to get a bagel]



Amir: Woah, three bucks! You prick in a wig! Three bucks!



Jake: Relax, dude.



Amir: You owe me money you skinny bitch!



[Murph enters]



Murph: Eh! Cool it! That's my girlfriend, buddy.



Jake: No way, how long?



Murph: Fuck you!



Jake: Jesus. You know, dude, she didn't even take a bagel.



Amir: Bagel! You frickin' nimrod!



Jake: You never had any intention at all of giving these away for free, did you?



Amir [suddenly wearing black and white striped sunglasses]: I hustle. Ok?



Jake: I hate that you can put those on so quickly.



Amir: I spend a penny to make two. Do you know what it's like to grow up on the street? To be hood? Or would you rather just suck off Uncle Sam and swallow what he gives ya? By the way, that was my dream last night.



Jake: You have a job. You could make so much more money doing a good job here, in the office. Did you really blow Uncle Sam in your dream last night?



Amir [no longer wearing sunglasses]: I could clear five dollars easy street if all y'all just ponied up six dollars apiece for these Ed Bagley juniors! Ok, make my money work for me!



Jake: That's not even- how much did you spend on these bagels?



Amir [pulls out a receipt]: Roughly...



[Jake pulls the receipt out of his hand]

Amir: Don't grab stuff out of my hand, ok? I was gonna bring it up earlier but I was gonna wait-



Jake [angrily]: Six hundred dollars! I think you got ripped off.



Amir: Look me in my eyes and actually tell me that you think I got ripped off.



Jake: I just did. I think you got ripped off.



[a moment passes]



Amir: No, not buying that, you blinked.



[Josh is shown vomiting]



Jake: Oh, what is going on?



Amir: Alright, listen up everybody. [makes morse code sounds] 



Jake: Say it!



Amir: Y'all now have giardia.  Alright, straight up it's a rare form of food poisoning that lasts three weeks; we're talking vomiting, diarrhea, jaundice, infantile jaundice!



[More people begin to vomit]



Jake [repulsed]: Oh!



Amir: Don't worry there is a cure.



Jake: What is it?



Amir: Bedrest. And that information will cost you six hundred dollars, so... [wearing sunglasses] And I just made a profit!



Jake: Take those off!



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														[Jake, after contemplating it for a while, unravels his scarf to reveal chin strap beard]



Amir: Whoah, nice chin strap beard.



Jake: Whoah, I can still get with girls. That's not the issue.



Amir: Why wear something that people can only compliment sarcastically?



Jake: I missed a spot, I missed one spot, so I said 'fuck it, I'll go with a chinner'



Amir: A chinner?



Jake: Winner Winner Chicken Chinner, yeah! Any questions?



Amir: Why did you do it?



Jake: Not a question.



Amir: Yeah it is.



Jake: Here's a science fact: Chicks dig scars. Or was Ice Cube at the 'Are We There Yet' cast  crew after-party sponsored by Voss Water not stylin'?



Amir:  Do chicks dig chin strap beards?



Jake: Does it matter? 'Cause I can shave it off. Also, it was a joke! I build up a defensive wall so thick you can't get through it with dynamite.  How's that for insecure?



Amir:  I respect you so much but sometimes you make me really sad for you.



Jake: A chin strap for this thin chap make the fat booty go clap. I made out with my nephew. At a house party.



Amir: Sorry, what?



Jake:  I get invited to house parties, is what I'm saying.



Amir: You kissed-You have a, wait- You have a nephew?



Jake: He's a little twerp.  Him and his friends beat the shit out of me and pissed on my jeans.



Amir: What, because of your beard?



Jake: Chin strap. No. I crashed their party and I was j-



Amir: So you weren't invited?



Jake: To their house party? No.



Amir: You said you get invited to house parties.



Jake: Not that one! I get invited to other house parties. I wasn't invited to this one. I get invited to other house parties, ok? Anyway I show up, I'm jackin' all the poon,  they come up to me and they're like 'uh uh dude, you weren't invited, and we're 16'



Amir: And then you made out with him?



Jake:  A little bit, yeah! And I obviously forgot to mention that I was 

Robotripping.



Amir: Robotripping?



Jake: It's called you polish off a bottle of  Robitussin, you wash it down with two pumps of capri sun. I would eat dog shit if Bradley Cooper did it in Limitless.



[Enter Murphy]



Murphy: Hey Jake, can I borrow your copy of Limitless?



Jake: Dude, I'm shaving it.



Murphy: What are you talking about?



Jake: This chin strap, it's obviously a goof, I'm shaving it as we squeak.



Murphy: I don't know man, I think it looks pretty cool.



Jake:  So do I. It does make me look quite 'strapping'



Murphy: Haha, uh, I was joking. It sucks.



Jake: Dude, I was joking too.  Haha. Tell me what to think.  Honestly, because I'll pull the hair out right now if you say the word.



Pat Cassels:  Jesus, Jake, why are you insecure?



Amir: He's not, ok, it's called Robotripping! Have you ever done it? No, probably not because you're too scared to even eat dog shit!



Murphy: Are you crying?



Jake: Dude, he for real! I made out with my nephew.



Amir: He did. At a house party.



Jake: House party. Tell them where it was, dude.



Amir: He kissed him at a house party.



Murphy: You're both crying so much!



Jake: We're beefing.



Amir: We're beefing.



Jake: We're beefing.



Amir: We're beefing.



Jake: We beef.

													

														INTRO:



AMIR: Hey you're watching Jake and f***ing Amir!



JAKE: We can't use that!



AMIR: Just bleep it!







[Jake and Amir are waiting in line outside a club.]



AMIR: Alright so how does this work?



JAKE: It's called grinding, you giant ass! You rub your boner against women to prove to society that you're worth a shit.



AMIR: Have you ever done it before?



JAKE: Got really close once, but I got cocky, started tweeting #victory, scarred the bitch off.



AMIR: Heheh.



JAKE: Woulda' been a total loss, but I got victory trending in NYC.



AMIR: Wow, really?



JAKE: NOT the trending part!







AMIR: Soo, do you do this every night, or...



JAKE: Well not every night, usually I come here at like 4 PM. I have to get here before the bouncer because these clubs are exclusive as shit. Great question, I hide in the men's room and pretend I'm the janitor.







JAKE: Alright dude, practice; pretend I'm a hot girl.



AMIR: Alright.



JAKE: (in a hot girl voice) Hey babe.



AMIR: Hey! Your hair is too short and your voice is too low, call me if you wanna lose your dick!



JAKE: Oh my God, my boy's got it! It's called negging, dude, insult the bitch and make her come to you!



(the woman in front of them in line (Bridget Burke) gives Jake a disgusted look.)



JAKE: (to Bridget, in a bad pickup line voice) Hey beautiful..







JAKE: (to Bridget) FAKE tits, FAKE tan, fake Louis Vuitton; there ain't one real thing about ya, sister!



BRIDGET: (sarcastically) ...Yeah.



JAKE: Will you date me? Will you date me? Cuz I'll be exclusive, and you don't have to be. How's that for--



(Amir tugs Jake's arm back, trying to save him from the trainwreck of a conversation.)



JAKE: (to Amir) Dude! Dude don't touch me right now, I'm thirty seconds away from getting line-poon.







JAKE: (to Bridget) One drink, okay I'm begging you, one drink, and then I'll grind on you like you've never been ground before.



BRIDGET: If you lose that fedora,--



(Jake quickly takes off his fedora.)



BRIDGET: Let me finish. If you lose that fedora, and you go home, maybe I'll forget about how badly you embarrassed yourself in front of me.



JAKE: Damn girl. Aight, you fly.



BRIDGET: You're ugly to me.



JAKE: Ahkey! Chill!







[Amir is talking to the woman behind them in line, and Jake is leaning against the wall of the building.]



JAKE: (to BRIDGET) Hey, why don't you dump your iPhone boyfriend and go out with this Man-Droid?



BRIDGET: Oh my God that is the DUMBEST thing I have EVER HEARD.



JAKE: Ooh my God! Stop being mean to me!







JAKE: Hey everybody, check it out, I think there's a whale at this party, somebody's got a blow-hole. (He pushes his head back against the wall while pretending to blow into his thumb, creating the illusion of his hat rising up by being inflated.)







JAKE: (to BRIDGET) Yo you're ugly! I wouldn't fuck you with his dick! (pointing at Amir)



BRIDGET: You look like your chin grew pubes; I wouldn't let you fuck me with anyone's dick!



JAKE: Ok well I wouldn't.. take his dick to fu-- You're a fuckin' ten. You're a ten, okay? Can I have your number?



BRIDGET: No!



JAKE: Here's my phone, put in your number. It doesn't even have to be the real number, I'll never call it







[Amir is talking to the woman behind him, and Jake is doing the whale hat trick again.]



JAKE: Hey dude. (blows into his thumb, and Amir ignores him.) Dude!







JAKE: (to Bridget, holding out his phone, slightly crying) It can be fake if you want, I'll chalk it up as a W. I just wanna show my boys that I got one number tonight!







JAKE: (to Amir, doing a bad impression of Vince Vaughn's character Trent from Swingers.) I'm a big bear, man! I got these claws, and these fangs, and I'm just battin' the bunny around! (AMIR: What are you talking about?) With this, what do I do with the bunny- It's from Swingings! With Jon Favers, and Vince Vang!







JAKE: (to Amir) Pop quiz, hotshot, do you have game?



AMIR: Game?



JAKE: It's called game. You use it to get with chicks, it's the most important thing in the world.



AMIR: I lost my childhood dog today!



JAKE: None due respect dude, FUCK your childhood dog!, ok, this is more important. You know Game of Thorns? This is Game of Thongs!



AMIR: Game of Thorns?



JAKE: Game of Thongs, I said. D-D-DO YA HAVE IT, GAME?







JAKE: (awkwardly gyrating back and forth) Uh, you go find a girl, you grind on her, like this, oh hey (he starts grinding on the girl behind them in line, from the front, and a large black man comes from behind her, grabbing Jake and roughing him up) WHOA! DUDE, RELAX, I DIDN'T SEE A RING, DUDE!



AMIR: He didn't see a ring!



JAKE: I didn't see a ring!



AMIR: Oh, I see a ring.



JAKE: You see a ring??



AMIR: Yeah, I see a ring.



JAKE: Auh she has a ring, dude?!



END.







OUTRO:



[Jake and Amir have made it through the line, and Amir is showing his ID to the bouncer.]



AMIR: Here ya go! So...



BOUNCER: C'mon, this is a fake ID, man!



AMIR: (to Jake) Busted, let's go home.



JAKE: What are you doing, you're twenty-nine, why would you use this ID?!



AMIR: I wanna be from Nebraska!

													

														AMIR: Hey, you're watching Evan and John.



JAKE: Nope, they're not.



AMIR: Jake and Ryan?



JAKE: Closer.



AMIR: Yes!







(JAKE is working at a table inside of a room. AMIR approaches the door from the other side, hitting his face against the door. JAKE looks up as AMIR falls to the ground.)



(jump scene)



AMIR: Okay, year 5 of our March Brad--er--oh! Fuck, I'm concussed. (laughs)



(jump scene)



AMIR: Michican? More like Michi-can't! I'm sorry, straight to the final four with ya!



JAKE: It's MichiGAN, not MichiCAN, and why 'straight to the final four with ya'?



AMIR: Huh?



(jump scene)



AMIR: Kentucky will be getting lucky... in N'awlins.



JAKE: Well, they're a number one seed, so it wouldn't really be getting lucky--



AMIR: Sorry, did I say unlucky? I meant getting lucky. (AMIR nudges JAKE's elbow with his own and smiles knowingly)



JAKE: You said getting lucky. 



(pause)



AMIR: So compliment me.



(jump scene)



AMIR: Can-tucky? More like (AMIR waves his hand under his nose) 'Can't, yucky!' (Amir begins hitting the table, his finger pointed, and speaks in an accent) Straight to the final four with ya! 



JAKE: What is wrong with you? You have to write down a winner each round. You can't have an arrow going from round one--



AMIR: Straight to the final four with ya! Yeah!



(jump scene)



AMIR: Need I remind you I picked every single upset last year. 



JAKE: You only picked upsets last year. Sixteens over ones, fifteens over twos. 



AMIR: Yeah, and how did I finish?



JAKE: In our work pool, you finished dead last. 



AMIR: (in disbelief) How? I picked every single upset!



JAKE: (with AMIR) Every single upset.



AMIR: Yeah, okay. So I didn't--what did I finish in?



JAKE: Last! 



(jump scene)



AMIR: You know what, no, I wanna be funny on Youtube.



JAKE: Just focus on this!



AMIR: You're right, sorry.



(jump scene)



AMIR: UCONN? More like U CON'T! Straight to the final whore--mmm--four with ya!



(jump scene)



AMIR: Will you rate and subscribe?



JAKE: No, I won't. You know why? 'Cause your one video on there is nine-and-a-half minutes long and it's you psyching yourself up to eat a ghost pepper, which you never do. At the nine minute mark, you faint from fear. You know, you don't even have to upload that video, right?



(jump scene)



AMIR: Bellmont? (scoffs) That sounds like the name of a dumb dog. 'Come here Bellmont! Come here Bellmont! Ah, you dumb mutt.' (laughs) Right? Right? Right?



JAKE: You know, I was trying to ignore you, but since you're pressing me for an answer, no, not right. It's really stupid.



AMIR: Holy shit, you're negative.



(jump scene)



AMIR: (reading) 'You know how we play 'Would You Rather'? Cavemen used to play 'Would You Gather'.' That is a bad tweet.



JAKE: That is why I almost didn't tweet it! Wow, I'm gonna delete it! (searches for phone) Where's my fucking phone, dude?



AMIR: It's in your pocket--



JAKE: This is my wallet!



(jump scene)



JAKE: You know what, I don't even think they're gonna let you participate if you don't pay back the money you owe from the last four March Madness pools.



AMIR: What? What are you talking about? Suck my dick, okay, I ponied up the dough!



JAKE: No you didn't! Let's look back just last year. You were mathematically eliminated after the first day. You begged Johnson Hussey for your money back, when he finally gave it to you, you said, Keep the change you filthy animal. I'ma buy back in at a G. You submitted what turned out to be a perfect bracket and a thousand dollars in cash--



AMIR: (quietly, doodling): Thank you.



JAKE: Then you showed up, rolling on E to our office party for the finals. You shredded the money, tore up your bracket and pissed on Sunusi's phone. You screamed, All contracts are null and Lloyd! Then you started crying when no one realized it was an Entourage reference.



AMIR: I wanted people to hug it out, bitch.



JAKE: (not 100% sure about this) Arrie, right.



AMIR: Yeah, Arrie Goals.



(jump scene)



JAKE: All right, I think this is it. These picks--



AMIR: Ah, Jake, that Final Four is good, and I'ma let you finish, but these picks--



JAKE: Oh my God, are you seriously bringing back that Kanye thing, dude?



(pause. AMIR slowly backs into his chair and lifts up his hands in frustration)



AMIR: (sighs) I'ma was gonna let you finish.



(jump scene)



AMIR: You're gonna be using this one as the answer key.



JAKE: No, we're not, because that's last year's answer key.



AMIR: Yeah, well, history tends to repeat itself--



JAKE: None of the first-round matchups are the same.



(pause. AMIR hits the table.)



AMIR: I'm a loser and a Jew.



JAKE: That's true, but don't... say it like that.



(jump scene)



AMIR: I'ma, I'ma was gonna sit back and I'ma was gonna let you finish, you know? I'ma has manners, after all, but you interrupted me.



JAKE: (indignant) You interrupted me!



AMIR: Ah! And now I'ma feels bad, okay? I feel bad about I'ma-self!



(jump scene)



AMIR: And...done! 



JAKE: You have your final score in the championship being a tie.



AMIR: Yeah, well, hindsight is 20-20.



JAKE: Your final score is 20-20.



(jump scene)



AMIR: Mon-can-a? More like Mon-can't-a!



JAKE: (at same time) No? It's not Mon-can-a!



AMIR: You best start believing in ghost stories, Miss Turner, 'cause you're in the final four!



JAKE: What are you--



AMIR: With!



JAKE: (opens mouth)



AMIR: Ya!







COLLEGE HUMOR

													

														Opening Sequence 



Amir: Alright, mate, you said that?



Jake: You said you could do a British accent.



Amir: British, yeah.







Episode 



(Amir walks in and sits on Jake's lap)



Jake: Oh my god, get up, get up right now.



Amir: What? I'm having a shit day, lemme just sit for half a second!



Jake: Sit at your own desk, dude!



(Amir gets up, farting)



Jake: Ugh you farted!



Amir: Jesus, somebody forgot to take their douchebag pills today!



Jake: That would make me not a douchebag.



Amir: What?



Jake: If I forgot to take douchebag pills, then I wouldn't be a douchebag.



Amir: Exactly!



Jake: What?



Amir: What?



Jake: Dude, stop talking to me. For the rest of the day.



Amir: I'll tell you why I had a shit day, but you gotta promise not to tell anyone.



Jake: That makes me wanna know less.



Amir: So, here I am crashing a quinceaera like my name was Martn! All of a sudden, I lift up a cake and pop goes my weasel!



Jake: Hey, do me a favour man!



Amir: Back massage. No, foot massage. Head massage. What kind of massage do you want? Neck massage? Shin massage? Calf massage? I mean 

that's kind of a weird massage but I could probably do it.



Jake: They'd all be weird massages!



Amir: Yeah!



Jake: Yeah! What?! Just fast forward to the end of the story, okay! I don't have time to hear a three minute story that just ends in me 

feeling more sorry for you than I already do!



Amir: Fine! So Kobayashi follows me here and I owe him uh uh uh uh I owe him uh uh I owe him uh lunch.



Jake: Kobayashi?



Amir: Did I stutter?



Jake: Yes, a lot.



Amir: Yeah.



Jake: Kobayashi, like the hotdog eating guy?



Amir: He holds the world record for twinkies and wings too, but yeah he's in the kitchen and I have to force feed him 20 hotdogs for 

lunch. How do you think that makes me feel? So I go pick up the frozen dogs and uh! Pop goes my weasel again.



Jake: So he's in the kitchen.



Amir: Yeah.



Jake: I can just walk into the kitchen right now and see world record holder Kobayashi sitting there waiting for you to feed him 

hotdogs.



Amir: Yeah.



(Jake starts to leave his chair)



Amir: Uh wait! If you trusted me you don't even have to verify it with your eyes, you would just believe in your heart that it's real 

and you don't have to go see it.



(Jake goes)



Amir: Where are you going?



(Six Seconds Later) (Amir is feeding Kobayashi a hotdog, in front of Jake)



Amir: Ohhhh yeah!



Jake: This is really weird. I think even by your standards we can agree that this is really weird. Right? What do you want me to say? 

I'm sorry I doubted you.



Amir: (Wearing sunglasses) Yeah!



Jake: I thought all your stories were lies.



Amir: (Kobayashi is wearing sunglasses) Yeah.



Jake: Especially this one.



Amir and Kobayashi: (Both wearing sunglasses) Yeah.



Jake: Hey this is pretty sweet man, can I feed him?



(Jake approaches Kobayashi, who grabs Jake's collar and violently shakes him. Everyone starts yelling at once.)



Jake: No, hey! Hey hey hey! Dude! What do I do?!



Amir: Make yourself big!



Jake: Big?! That's for bears!



Amir: Yeah, yeah, it's bears!



Jake: He's not a bear!



Amir: He is a bear! He is a bear!



(Kobayashi tries to stuff a hotdog into Jake's mouth)







Outro 



(Jake is sitting on Pat's lap)



Pat: Woah, woah!



Jake: Just let me sit here for one second, okay? I've had a shit day.



(Jake farts)



Pat: Aghh!

													

														AMIR: Hey, you're watching an all-new episode--



JAKE: Time's running out.



AMIR: I can finish it if--







(AMIR opens bathroom door and walks into a stall, sitting on the toilet)



AMIR: (thinking) 'Will you just go to the bathroom? Will you just go to the bathroom?' Just once I'd like to go to the bathroom not because he's telling me but because I made the decision myself. Jake is chill as shit, but sometimes he's a nerd. I don't even have to go, it's like--(gas)--Oh, oh no. Wow, a little gas. Nothing to see here! -- (AMIR begins to shit, putting his hands on either side of the stall in clear pain). Oh no, here we go. Ohhh, mmmm, oh my God, (poops) poops I shitted again! Wow, that felt big! I'm gonna look down just in a case it's a-- holy shit, yeah, oh my (bleep) that's a record breaker. Three footer, easy, four soaking wet, two dry, two and a half moist, no coil either, just a straight shot. Thicker than a soda can, too. My God, it looks like a boa constrictor trying to get out of a septic tank. I'm a hero and a cool. I gotta snap a pic. W-w-wait! The minute I turn around to snap a pic, the toilet is gonna automatically flush! No! Oh my God! Stop crying, stop crying--okay, cry, cry, let it out, you deserve this! You don't cry that much and even if you did no one would begrudge these tears! Just cry, let it all out, then move past it! Okay okay okay, think! Think think think, you idiot. There's gotta be a way to snag a pic without getting up. Go through your legs. (AMIR tries) Nope, too dark. It's too fricken dark. Ugh, unbelievable. You caught a seventy pound bass and you have to throw it back before (AMIR punches stall wall) anybody even gets to behold its beauty! Good luck bragging about something that doesn't even exist! It looks like ten brown slinkies glued together and nobody's gonna believe a goddamn thing. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!



PAT: (at urinal) Are you okay in there, man? It smells like cheese and gasoline.



AMIR: No, I'm not okay! I just gave birth to a brown elephant trunk and I'm afraid I'm gonna lose her to the great unknown!



PAT: (holds nose) Oh my God, that is ripe! (leaves)



AMIR: (thinking) Just stand up! Just stand up and do it, you coward! There's no way that log's getting flushed down anyway! No, no, no, greater fortunes have been lost on less risky propositions! You have to be rational here!



(AMIR pulls out his phone and calls JAKE)



AMIR: Jake, listen, it's me--don't hang up, don't hang up, don't hang up, okay? I don't want you to do anything weird, I just need you to come over here and put your hand over the sensor so I can stand up and take a picture of my enormous dump. Hello, hello? Ugh!



AMIR: (thinking) Dildo! He's a dildo! Ugh! Think, think think think. Uh. This is what you have to do. Take off your shirt and pants, put them over the motion sensor so that it still thinks you're still sitting down, and stand up and take the pic right away! Ha! (claps in head) This makes me a genius, official genius and a cool. From now on nobody will think of Amir Blumenfeld as the guy who couldn't take a shit the size and girth of twelve rubber hoses banded together and dipped and brown paint, no! But rather as a pimp and a philosopher. The best two things you can be. 



(a MAN walks into the bathroom; upon smelling AMIR's stench, he immediately runs out)



AMIR: (thinking) Okay, here we go, Hurwitz. Turn around and snag the pic. Your life as you know it will officially change. Promise me this. Whatever people say, you'll stay humble. (aloud) I promise. (thinking) Three, two, one...



(AMIR stands up and tries to take the picture. His shirt, pants, and cell phone all are flushed, as well as his enormous dump)



AMIR: Oh no! No, no, no!



(new scene, back at the office. JAKE is working. AMIR walks in without shirt and pants on and sits down at his chair.)



AMIR: By the way, I know what you're gonna say, but don't bother because I promised myself I'd stay humble, also, thanks for the bathroom suggestion, comprende. Guess what, didn't have to go-ohhh...







COLLEGE HUMOR

													

														INTRO



Amir- Hey you're watching Jake and-A BEAR? What the hell is that?



Jake- Focus, man.







AMIR: No!



JAKE: What?



AMIR: None of your business, alright? My little cousin sent me this questionnaire to fill out over email because he has to do a profile on somebody he respects for his journalism class.



JAKE: Why'd you say none of my business and then immediately answer my question? 



AMIR: Will you help me answer these questions or not? I just forwarded you the email.



JAKE: Yeah, you did: (reading email) amir@dailydizzydinkydeals.com, you gotta change that email address.



AMIR: Thanks for the tip! (snickers) Seriously, thank you for the tip, but can you help me out, please?



JAKE: What's so hard about the survey? (reads email) What are some characteristics of a good employee at 

your company?



AMIR: I mean I hate to say this ... but throwing lit matches on people while they're taking a dump.



JAKE: You should hate to say that. Everybody else hates when you do it. (reading from email) Where do you see yourself in five years?



AMIR: Just say 'Go fuck yourself'.



JAKE: Why does your cousin respect you?



AMIR: Is that in there?



JAKE: You said it! Right up top, you said your cousin had to do a profile on somebody he respects.



AMIR: Is the question on the questionnaire?



JAKE: -And you just said 'Go fuck yourself' to him. What grade is he in?



AMIR: Third, he's repeating the third grade.



JAKE: You know what, Where do you see yourself in five years? let's write 'dead', and hope for the best, right?



AMIR: (shrugs) Yeah.



JAKE: (reading from email) How important was your high school education in getting your job? Do you think it's important for high-schoolers to take their education seriously?



AMIR: Stop that right there-



JAKE: -I was done.



AMIR: -Let me answer that question with a rap: (plays beat on computer) 



Math? Ha! Math was crap.



If you wanna know why, then steal a hen.



Learning shit is for nerds and jocks. 



Don't believe me? Ask my uncle.



Green, blue, brown, and red.



Go to school and you regret it.



I got ninety nine problems, and a bitch (makes eating gesture) ate one.



(looks at Jake expectantly)



JAKE: Jesus Christ, that was the worst thing I've ever heard in my entire life.



AMIR: (quietly) I know...



JAKE: You don't know. You couldn't possibly know how bad it was because if you did, you probably would've 

never attempted to say it in front of anybody.



AMIR: News flash! (lifts shirt to expose his hairy nipples)



JAKE: Oh, shave 'em!



AMIR: That only took me a week. Yeah, I did that over the course of several weekends, so who feels bad now?



JAKE: You should.



AMIR: I do.



JAKE: (quoting Amir) Math was crap / If you wanna know why, then steal a hen.



AMIR: Bad.



JAKE: What an awful, ugly pair of sentences. Yeah, bad!



AMIR: -Agreed, agreed.



JAKE: -You agree? Why'd you do it?



AMIR: At best? It sucked.



JAKE: Dude, I feel bad for you! I legit feel bad for you; that was like one of the simplest things I've ever seen 

you struggle with.



AMIR: I know, the beat sucked shit, too.



JAKE: No it didn't, the beat was fine.



AMIR: Okay, good, because my cousin Leeron came up with it. I'm glad he did something right. (snickers)



JAKE: Did he come up with the rap? 



AMIR: No, that was all me.



JAKE: So it sounds like he did everything right, and you did everything wrong.



AMIR: Mhm.



JAKE: I think I have to turn off my computer and just go home, that really ruined my day.



AMIR: Yeah, it was suck suck. I think, I think I'm gonna have to turn off my computer and go home too, I mean I 

feel bad about myself.



JAKE: (shakes head)



AMIR: Beat was crap, the rap was crap-



JAKE: -Beat was fine, beat was good! Rap was really bad.



AMIR: Absolutely-Hey! You're preaching to the chair.



JAKE: Why couldn't you think of a rhyme for crap?



(Pat storms in)



PAT: You! (points to Amir) Are you fucking insane? You threw a match at me while I was taking a dump!

													

														Jake and Amir Rap Teacher (Part 3 with Hoodie Allen)



Hoodie and Amir listening to the song Amir just recorded in the studio



Amir: How was that?



Hoodie: You tell me.



Amir (rapping): Aardvark cum is froze like ice. Don't touch it's freezing, eat my vice, seamen colder than the coldest night. Aardvark dick juice gives frost bite. It's cold, real cold.



Music stops



Amir: Hah! Was the dick juice thing to crass, you know want this to be something my one year nephew can listen to. 



Hoodie: He can, like he can.



Amir: Yeah, I thought so too, I just wanted to make sure...



Hoodie: Look Amir, this track is huge.



Amir: Huge like jackman, I wanna step back man. Aardvark jizz is fast like mac ram. It's Cold too, it' freezing, it's absolutely frigid..



Hoodie: woah, woah, woah, save it for the next track man, we got a lot of work to do!



They High five and Hug.



Jake: Hey, Hey, Hey! Y'all losers can't record a song without a bomb! Effa effa effa bumf Ass Chorus!



Amir: What's an ass chorus?



Jake: Bomb ass I said!



Hoodie: You gotta leave man...



Jake: Not till you hear this chorus! - Beat starts-  Mary J Blidge ain't got nothin' on these pipes and speakin' of pipes I'm high. I'm high, I'm hiiiiighhhhh!



Hoodie: That was just awful.



Amir: Awful, bad maybe.



Jake: Why don't you try better?



Hoodie: I already did it- plays track- Yo, what sound does an aardvark make. I'll tell you one thing, when it comes, it shakes, a freezing vibration in your nose and teeth, an arctic chill every time it queefs. Ah ah I'm an aardvark, ah ah I'm an aardvark-



Jake: Cut, cut. Way too original, way too loud. Amir, whose chorus did you like better?



Amir: Hoodie's...



Jake: Better or worse, specify you stupid shit!



Amir: You said which one do you like better, I said hoodie's, how is that not specific, I liked his better.



Jake: Okay a denny's for your tots, cos' this next one's about to be a grand slam.



Hoodie: Just talk normal.



Jake: Dude, I'm about to okay. This next one is a diss track to both y'all and you deserve it. Hoodie a beat.



Hoodie: Out, get out!



Jake: Not till you hear this! - Beat starts- Ahhh, I only need one shot, one job, one take, one chance to come at you, I don't need take two, I'm one take Jake! I'm and I'm...startin' it over. One sec.



Amir: But you said you only need one shot.



Jake: Now I only need one shot, here it is. Three wishes genie? Nah, I only need one, one punch, one hunch, I'm a spitfire and I never start over!  And I ahhh, fuck, alright.



Hoodie: The song is a lie.



Jake: So is star wars doofus, or do you think that really happened? It's called art imitating wife. Showing diamond engagement ring



Amir: How?



Jake: He liked it and he put a ring on it oh oh oh oh oh etc (singing single ladies). 



Amir: Yep, I'm wondering how you got the ring.



Jake: I robbed a fiance, I robbed her okay, call me out on it like a chump why don't you? Why don't we just see who gets famous first.  Arrivadorchies! (Jake leaves)



Three Weeks Later



Radio presenter: Okay you guys are clamouring for it, here it is, one more time, Hoodie Allen featuring Amir Valerie Blumenfeld, this one is not for whatever reason on Hoodie Allen's All American EP coming out today, april 10th, it's called three wishes genie!



The song/rap: Three wishes genie? Nah, I only need one, one punch, one hunch, a spitfire and I never start over!  Sorry, let me start over, let me start over. I only got three wishes tonight, I'm so cold, I'm covered in aardvark cum (J:NOOOO!) Hey girl yeah I wish I had...



Robbed fiance and police officer enter College Humour building



Fiance: That's him! That's the guy that stole my ring!



Jake: NOOO!



Police Officer: Come with me.



Jake: I, eh, one second (struggling)



Police Officer: Oh, this is a good song.



Jake: NOOOO!

													

														Jake: Hey, you are watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: Ahh, from the top, from the top!



Jake: Why?



Amir: I missed it!







[Jake is sitting at his desk. Amir walks to his seat with an ancient scroll, sits down, and unrolls it]



Jake: Hey dude, kinda weirded out that you asked my mom out on a date over Facebook.



Amir: Top Ten Beers to Chug, by Amir Valerie Hurwitz.



Jake: Don't.....



Amir: Oh yeahh!



Jake: Look, she just signed up for Facebook, and the first thing she gets is a request from you saying that the two of you guys are in a relationship.



Amir: Number ten! PBR? Give me CPR! I just drowned in bliss! One can for this fun man, and I'm about to rock out with your cock out! Cock-a-doodle yours!



Jake: I don't wanna rock out like that.



Amir: Neither do I! Number nine: feeling fine, with any tall boy or cold one I can find. Lists are meaningless when you love that golden oat soda as much as I do! [Pause] Booze!



Jake: My mom is married.... to my dad.... and they're both kind of freaked out about that message that you sent her.



Amir: Number eight: feeling grand!



Jake: Should've said great, right?



Amir: Don't interrupt me cause I'm eighty deep down in that vodka and red bull like it's my snob.... that's a beer!



Jake: No it's not.... it's vodka and red bull.... stop....



Amir: Seventh heaven! Nantucket Cisco Brewery Whale's Tail Pale Ale for this frail gale, gets me off the rails.... for rail!



Jake: That's a solid rhyming effort, but I really just wish you didn't send my mom a picture of you with your penis tucked behind your legs, with the caption "Another day at the 

races," crossed out, "Another gay in my braces," crossed out, "Another day in your graces," crossed out....



Amir: Number 666, the devil's number for God's creation! Got a Heinie in one hand, and a Heinie in the other! She's got a buttock so firm, you can slap her without telling her about it first!



Jake: That is not the case, ever! And look, real quick, just as an aside, explain why you wrote all this on a scroll? Like on some ancient scroll that you seem to have?



Amir: Five, who cares? So long as it's in a glass or a can, you can kiss my ass, with a fan! Any beer will do when you're nose deep in that ish like Winnie the Bear!



Jake: Pooh!



Amir: She's a bear!



Jake: She's a he!



Amir: She's a he!



Jake: It doesn't matter, you know what? Because my dad just emailed me. You're spamming his Facebook wall with big dick porn! I mean how dare you?



Amir: Number four: a simple Rose.



Jake: Not a beer.....



Amir: Number three, for me, is anything free! I'm talking about what a patron doesn't finish at the bar, I'm chugging that bitch, and running real far!



Jake: Terrible way to live your life! Make a change!



Amir: Numero duo: this glass is cracked, on your ass crack. I'm talking a Newcastle for this Jew rascal. One and, uh, not done.... I want two!



Jake: Stop yelling.



Amir: Number one!



Jake: I'm just gonna go ahead and guess that it's either not a beer or it doesn't matter....



Amir: It. Don't. Matter. So long as I'm slurping it with the woman of my dreams....



Jake: My mom?



Amir: My mom!



Jake: Wait, my mom or your mom?



Amir: Your mom!

													

														INTRO



JAKE: You're watching Jake and Amir!



AMIR: Oh, you say my name wrong so your mom doesn't know about us!



JAKE: What?







(Amir is in a restaurant alone)



AMIR: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hi. Just wanted to check in on the status of my meal. I ordered it and now I'm feeling lonely and horny without it.



WAITRESS: Yep! (nervous laugh) Chicken fried nuggets!



AMIR: Yeah.



WAITRESS: Medium rare.



AMIR: Eee!



WAITRESS: And a martini.



AMIR: Ehh.



WAITRESS: I just took your order less than thirty seconds ago, so it's gonna be about fifteen minutes.



AMIR: Cool, and if you care to join me, you can.



WAITRESS: Oh, actually I can't, I'm not allowed to-



AMIR: -But you want to?



WAITRESS: I'm not allowed to, nor would I want to.



AMIR: (makes cat sound) Fair enough.



WAITRESS: Excuse me. (walks away)



AMIR: Why, did you fart? No, okay.



AMIR: To tweet or not to tweet, that is the question.



AMIR: (on phone) Hey Jake it's me, I'm at P.G.I. Fugley's. Come on by! Later.



AMIR: (on phone) Hey Micah, it's Amir. Your brother did not pick up the phone. I assume he's dead. I'm sorry to have to tell you that, but he's probably long gone. If you hear from him, have him call me, okay? I'm at P.G.I. Fugley's. Bye.



AMIR: (on phone) Mrs. Hurwitz, Amir freaking, no, speaking. Both your sons are being coward factories. Have them call me back immediately.



AMIR: (on phone) Shirley, hi, uh, Amir, from Connecticut Police Department. Um, I have reason to believe that your neighbor, or I know for a fact that all of your neighbors are dead.



(The waitress brings Amir his martini)



AMIR: Oh! And if it's not too much trouble, it is my birthday, so...



WAITRESS: Oh, happy birthday! (tries to walk away)



AMIR: (grabs waitress' arm) Yeah, well. I don't know if you guys do the singing and dancing and clappin' and all that jazz, but...



WAITRESS: Uh, usually for parties.



AMIR: (points to himself) Party of one.



WAITRESS: Okay, I guess we could. Just give me a second.



AMIR: Thanks, doll, appreciate it!



WAITRESS: (walks away) Yeah, don't call me that!



AMIR: Didn't, no. (on phone) Mr. Hurwitz, hi. Amir Blumenfeld here. Sorry to tell you, but your wife is a tramp, and your sons are  a coward. Call me back at 1-900-How 'bout ya don't!



(the wait staff approaches Amir's table with a slice of cake)



WAITRESS: Ready? Okay!



WAIT STAFF: (singing) Happy birthday, yeah! Happy birthday, yeah! It's your birthday, yeah! What's your name?



(Amir shakes his head)



WAIT STAFF: (singing) How old are you?



AMIR: No.



WAITRESS #2: Let's break it down now.



WAITRESS #3: My name is Jessica; I'm a Gemini!



WAITER: My name is Terrence; I'm adopted!



AMIR: D for effort. That felt forced. Leave the cake and get out of my face. Chloe, you can stay, but only if you want to!



WAITRESS: I'm good.



(Wait staff leaves. Jake walks up to Amir's table)



JAKE: Hey, hey dude. Are you alright?



AMIR: Scared to join me? (attempt at a scary laugh) Moo-oo-ahh-ahh-ahh!



JAKE: You tweeted you were gonna kill yourself in a P.G.I. Fugley's bathroom!



AMIR: Shame.



JAKE: Yeah, you are. Will you stop calling my family? Okay? Did you- (blows out candle on Amir's cake) Did you tell them it was your brithday?



AMIR: If you're asking whether or not I got a free cake-



JAKE: -I'm not.



AMIR: -I did.



JAKE: Sad.



AMIR: Okay, you know what? (slaps his leg) Park it. Right here, brother!



JAKE: No, I'm not gonna sit on your lap!



WAITRESS: (to Jake) Can I get you something?



AMIR: (starts crying) Yeah! He's gonna have the same thing as me, and it's his birthday, so sit on his face!

													

														Opening Sequence



Amir: Hey, you're watching two goldenrod golden gods at the top of their?



Jake: Stop it.



Amir: ?game!







Episode



Amir: (Talking on the phone) Vaguely. Vaguely. Haha! No man. There's a disconnect here. Haha! No man. Consider it dumb. We'll play it 

by year. There's a disconnect here. Vaguely. Absurd. Vaguely? Bye. (To Jake) How's that for a normal conversation?



Jake: It wasn't.



Amir: Who with, good question.



Jake: Didn't ask it.



Amir: My friend Den.



Jake: Dan?



Amir: Den.



Jake: Dan?



Amir: Den.



Jake: Ben?



Amir: Den.



Jake: Den?



Amir: Yes.



Jake: Dan?



Amir: Den.



Jake: Din?



Amir: Den.



Jake: Den? Like the room?



Amir: Yeah exactly right, like the room. We used to razz him about that all the time, we used to be like, Uh oh, here comes Snatcher! 

Sorry, I'm thinking of my friend Snatcher.



Jake: Right, Snatcher.



Amir: Den.



Jake: Dan?



Amir: So yeah, Den is more of a friend, than a friend of a friend.



Jake: I would have presumed that anyway.



Amir: Don't presume! Okay, cause then you make a pres out of um and e.



Jake: That's not the phrase.



Amir: Anyway you heard the call. Two normal people having a nice normal conversation.



Jake: I think I see what happened here. You obviously took to heart what I said last week when I said?



Amir: Refresh my memory?



Jake: I was about to?



Amir: Refresh my memory then.



Jake: I was about to?



Amir: Okay, out with it.



Jake: ?and you interrupted me!



Amir: Say it? What is it?



Jake: You do that a lot, you start talking?



Amir: Okay I won't say anything.



Jake: ?when other people are talking.



Amir: Ready?



Jake: Don't ask me if I'm ready to start?



Amir: Ready?



Jake: Yes, I'm ready. Are you not gonna talk?



Amir: No, I'm not.



Jake: Give me five seconds?



Amir: Five seconds?



Jake: Five seconds. Don't?



Amir: Five seconds of silence here we go, ready? Five, four, three?



Jake: Don't count down! You counting is not being silent, right? Just?



Amir: What were you gonna say?



Jake: You obviously took to heart what I said last week when I said I've never heard you have a normal conversation with a normal 

person in your entire life.



Amir: I don't recall...



Jake: Unzip that hoodie?



(Amir unzips his hoodie to show his t-shirt, and adopts an Ohhh yeah! expression)



Jake: Aww, don't be proud! That shirt says I've never had a normal conversation with a normal person in my entire life. I'm a loser! 

You added that in!



Amir: Lucky, breast.



Jake: When I told you that last week you welled up. You welled right up like I told you your parents were dead.



Amir: I wish.



Jake: Wow, dark. You welled up and you said, I'll show you you piece of clid.



Amir: Yeah!



Jake: I'll show you I have a friend so normal you won't believe it. Then you sprinted out of the office and I haven't seen you since. 

I can only presume?



Amir: Don't.



Jake: ?that you were eavesdropping on people's conversations, writing down everything you heard and then getting all of them wrong.



Amir: I got all of them right!



Jake: No, you didn't! You don't consider things dumb!



Amir: You consider me dumb!



Jake: Right, because you also don't play things by year.



Amir: Yes, I do!



Jake: No, the phrase is you play things by ear.



Amir: Oh okay so what are you, twelve ears old?



Jake and Amir: What?!



Jake: You should have heard more than those five phrases by the way. And you didn't leave any space, so I can't imagine what, what was 

his name? Dan?



Amir: Den.



Jake: Den? I can't imagine what Den was saying during that conversation. You should have left some pauses in there.



(Den (Dan Klein) pops up from behind Jake)



Den: Amir!



Amir: Den!



Jake: Jesus.



Den: Vaguely?



Amir: Vaguely.



Den: Vaguely.



Amir: (Wearing sunglasses) Vaguely?



Den: Vaguely.



Amir: Haha! No man.



Den: There's a disconnect here.



Amir: Consider it dumb.



Den: Play it by year?



Amir: What year?



Den: Play it by one year?



Amir: What year?



Den: Hey what year is it?



Amir: 2010.



Den: 2011? Wanna play it by that?



Amir: Consider it dumb.



Den: Absurd.



Amir: Den!



Den: There's a disconnect here.



Amir: Vaguely.



Den: Bye.



Amir: Den!



(Den has left)



Jake: You know, what I said still stands, because that was not a normal conversation with a normal person.



Amir: (Shirtless) That's why I'm keeping the shirt on!

													

														Jake and Amir Blood Donation Transcript:



INTRO

AMIR: {Makes weird electronic noises}

JAKE: There's already music

AMIR: right..right right right







*JAKE: how did you get past the screening process? You can't be healthy enough to give blood

*AMIR: yeah I guess my six blood diseases cancel each other out... {Laughs} No- I lied on my form

*JAKE: do you really have six blood diseases?

*AMIR: I lied on my form!

*

*AMIR: ooh this really freakin kills right now but Ii know it's worth it to help the less fortunate

*JAKE: what are you talking about? The nurse is cleaning your skin he hasn't stuck a needle in you  yet

*AMIR: needle? Oh..oh OH MY GOD! OH FUCK THE LESS FORTUNATE I HATE THE POOR I HATE THE POOR I HATE THE POOR!

*

*JAKE: hey man your blood is like clear and orange what blood type are you?

*AMIR: O positive. As in oh I'm positive that's 95 per cent pizza grease

*

*{Amir gets out cigarette and lighter}

*JAKE: Oh my God put that away! What are you doing?

*AMIR: what? is there are law against cigarette indoors while donating blood?

*JAKE: yeah I think a lot of laws

*AMIR: against it though?

*JAKE: Yes I said against

*

*AMIR: ever heard of the universal donor? Well I'm the universal boner. {Laugh turns into choking} feel my heart

*JAKE: {puts hand on Amir's chest} what's up? Oh yeah.. That's a.. that's a flutter

*AMIR: yeah.. That's a flutter

*

*AMIR: {Holding a cigarette and a lighter} one puff

*JAKE: wrong way. One direction right?

*AMIR: there's no wrong way. Just one direction.

*

*JAKE: I saw an image on Reddit today. 

*AMIR: oh?

*JAKE: {continues} of a guy jerking off in the subway

*AMIR: ah yeah..

*JAKE: yeah and face was blurred out but I swear to God it was you

*AMIR: first of all it was a bus not the subway and second of all, it wasn't me?

*JAKE: it's too late for that second of all

*AMIR: yeah..

*

*AMIR: favourite part about donating blood?

*JAKE: I guess the feeling of giving?

*AMIR: really? That's my least favourite part

*JAKE: I know I saw the t-shirt

*AMIR: {lifts up t-shirt that says: the worst part of giving blood is the feeling of giving} Oh yeah!

*JAKE: you have to stop making those shirts. They're mean and you're not good

*AMIR: really? {Lifts up t-shirt to reveal another t-shirt that says: I'm not good} talk to the shirt!

*JAKE: how do you do that so fast?

*AMIR: let me answer your question with another shir.. {Lifts up t-shirt but there's no more} Oh I thought I had another one that said I'm fast

*

*JAKE: {with hand on Amir's chest} Yo, I haven't felt anything in like, thirty seconds

*AMIR: I know right?

*

*AMIR: Is it true that just by donating a pint of blood you can save a dozen lives and over the course of my life I can save a busload of children?

*JAKE: yeah that's true

*AMIR: and yet it ain't worth it {laughs}

*

*JAKE: I'm actually getting a little light headed 

*AMIR: Oh my God pussy. Pussy for that!

*JAKE: no you fainted. Twice. Once for twenty minutes and once for an hour. Woke up, saw the needle and started crying. You also pissed yourself.

*AMIR: spoken like a true nanny

*JAKE: you came here in a skirt

*{camera pans down to reveal Amir in a mini-skirt and pans back up}

*AMIR: they're called jeans.

*

*JAKE: For real, you and I have known each other for a really long time and I'm just {fist pump} yeah.. I'm like racking my brain right now trying to come up with just one nice thing you've ever done for anybody

*AMIR: just drop it okay?

*

*AMIR: hey check it out I'm a cannibal vampire. {Takes Jake's tube and sucks it} 

*JAKE: OH MY GOD. du..du..du..dude STOP

*AMIR: hehe

*

*JAKE: I'm sorry to harp on it but you're just not a good guy and you have an ugly personality and a *black heart

*AMIR: yeah I know, I know. I'm gonna make a change- don't worry

*JAKE: you won't make a change that's the worst part you're selfish, you're stupid and you're mean.

*AMIR: yeah I know I suck I'm sorry



*AMIR: all right all done! Time to pay up!

*JAKE: we're at a blood bank man we do it for free

*AMIR: what? There's places that'll pay you and we went to one for free?!

*JAKE: try to be happy that we did a good deed

*AMIR: how can I be happy knowing that we helped the less fortunate and I don't even have any cheddar to show for it?!

*JAKE: you don't need the cheddar

*AMIR: I need the cheese! Yeah I need the cheese!

*JAKE: you don't need the cheese

*AMIR: I'm a mouse! Give me the cheese

*JAKE: you're a bad person

*AMIR: I'll change.

													

														[Intro]



AMIR: Hey, you're watching - let's keep it at that!



JAKE: Let's say our names-



AMIR: Oh, NOW you care!



[AMIR walks up to JAKE.]



AMIR: Jake.



JAKE: Hey.



AMIR: Can I trust you?



JAKE: Yeah, why?



[AMIR stiffens up and falls backwards.]



JAKE: No- DUDE!



[AMIR lands hard on the floor.]



AMIR: You must feel like such shit, I trusted you and you let me down!



JAKE: No, not really.



AMIR: I'll tell you how you can make it up to me.



JAKE: I just told you I didn't feel bad.



AMIR: I registered at Sky Mall!



JAKE: Are you even hurt?



AMIR: Emotionally?



JAKE: No.



AMIR: Yes. Physically?



JAKE: Yes.



AMIR: No.



AMIR + JAKE: ...What?



AMIR: I sent you the registry, dude! Just get me something off of it and we'll call it Even Steven Segal.



JAKE: Yeah, I'm not gonna get you anything off of the Jake Fucked Me registry.



AMIR: I don't know why not, 'cause you did!



JAKE: Why do you even want a Nunsmere Bronze Elephant Trunk Sconce?



AMIR: I'm sexy and I know it!



JAKE: This is extor-



AMIR: Girl look at my body!



JAKE: What you're doing right now-



AMIR: Girl look at my body!



JAKE: It's legally blackma-



[AMIR now has a pair of sunglasses on.]



AMIR: Girl look at my body!



[Long pause.]



JAKE: I have all the time-



[AMIR has regular glasses again.]



AMIR: I work out!



JAKE: Here's a question, what are you gonna do if I DON'T get you a gift?



AMIR: MURPH!



JAKE: Aaaiieeeurgh! Chill, man!



[MURPH walks up to JAKE.]



MURPH: What's going on here, guys?



JAKE: Dude, yeah right, no way.. Nothing.



MURPH: You didn't, uh... You didn't catch Amir there, huh?



JAKE: You know what, Murph? I've been working out, so I've got news for you: You come at me, I'm gonna run away so fast, that I'm gonna tell on you!



MURPH: ..Are you a bitch, Jake?



JAKE: No!



AMIR: Yeah.



JAKE: Yeah, I don't know, what do you.. what do you want me to say?



MURPH: If you're a bitch, I think you should tell EVERYBODY that you're a bitch.



AMIR: Agreed.



JAKE (quietly): Come on, man, I'm- I'm a bitch, what do you want?



MURPH: Say it... like I didn't TELL you to say it.



[Pause. Jake looks nervous.]



AMIR: Say it.



JAKE: I'm a bitch, I'm a bitch, come on!



MURPH: When you say come on, it sounds like you're saying it for me. Don't say it for me! I don't want to hear it! EVERYONE wants to hear that you're a bitch, Jake!



[Brief pause.]



MURPH: Say it.



JAKE: I'M A BITCH! I AM, I REALLY AM! I'M A BITCH, OKAY?! I'M A HUGE FRIGGIN BITCH! Are you happy?



MURPH: Now you buy me and Amir that bronze elephant trunk wall sconce, and we call it Even Steve Seagal.



JAKE: Come on, you want one too?



MURPH: THEY'RE TASTEFUL AS FUCK, BRO. You got a problem?



JAKE: Okay, this is bullying, and I DO have to take it!



[JAKE chuckles.]



JAKE: But you know what? I'm drawing the line, AND I AIN'T BUYING YOU YA GUYSES WALL SCONCES, alright?



[JAKE pulls out his wallet.]



JAKE: Here's my wallet, you can use my money, but you're buying your own damn sconce! Think fast.



[JAKE tosses his wallet in the air. MURPH slams it into the floor, near AMIR. AMIR flinches.]



JAKE: Weak, dude! Weak!



MURPH: Fall back. Trust me.



JAKE: No, no-one's gonna catch me!



AMIR: I did it!



MURPH: Cross your arms and fall backwards. Trust me.



JAKE: Fine, fine, just let me take off my studded belt.



MURPH: Oh, god...



JAKE: I'm only wearing it because it's laundry day!



MURPH: You wash your belts?



JAKE: Do you want me to fall, or not?



MURPH: Put it on inside out.



JAKE: WEAK!



[JAKE puts the belt on inside out.]



MURPH: Next notch.



[JAKE puts the belt onto the next notch.]



MURPH: NEXT. NOTCH.



JAKE: Dude, it really kills.



MURPH: Suck in.



[JAKE sucks in his gut and puts it on the next notch. He groans loudly.]



MURPH: Now fall.



[JAKE prepares himself, then falls. MURPH somehow appears behind him and catches him. Dramatic music plays.]



MURPH: I will ALWAYS catch you, Jake.



[MURPH stares into the distance.]



JAKE: ...What the fu-



END



(Link to Episode)

													

														[Introduction]



JAKE and AMIR: Hi, you're watching Jake and Amir!



AMIR: Told you that would suck!



JAKE: It was fine.



AMIR: I agree.







(College Humor staff sitting in a board room)



VINCENT: Hey guys, thanks for coming. Let's start the table read



AMIR: Oh, you mean the anal bead



(silence)



MURPH: (laughs and whispers to Emily) It rhymed



VINCENT: I meant the table read. It's when we read the scripts that were written this week, at this table, and then I get a sense of how to direct them. 



AMIR: I am the weakest link, goodnight. (looks at jake for reaction) 



VINCENT: Amir, let's start with your script because it is by far



AMIR: (interrupting) The most viral!



VINCENT: The longest is what I was going to say



AMIR: It reads fast



VINCENT: It doesn't. You wanna pick your cast?



AMIR: Yes! Okay... Jake, why don't you play Darrel McMexican 



JAKE: Such an offensive name.



AMIR: He's like a rogue CIA agent with a heart of cold.



JAKE: But McMexican? 



AMIR: (To Emily) And Julia, why don't you play his girlfriend, Pussy Sandwich, which works since that's your actual name.



EMILY: Emily. (Amir gives confused look) My name is Emily.



AMIR: Right, what did I say?



EMILY: Julia and then Pussy Sandwich



AMIR: Yes, I think we're saying the same thing?



EMILY: No 



AMIR: Are we not? 



VINCENT: (butting in) Alright, let's just get started.



AMIR: And improvise! Have fun with it! But, stick to the script. That's the most fun you can have. You know, I'm married to the script. (whispering) But I'm willing to cheat. (laughs) 



VINCENT: Okay, um... (Reading Amir's script) Interior: doesn't matter. Day. A shot of an empty room for three hours. (To Amir) We can't do that.



AMIR: Well, we'll see. (winks)



VINCENT: (reading) In stumbles our hero, Darrel McMexican. He looks just like Jake, a buff and a cool. 



JAKE: (reading) My heart, it's cold. I can't breathe.



AMIR: (exasperated) CUT. Sorry...um, yeah. You're improvising. 



JAKE: First of all, you said we could 



AMIR: Which is fine, yeah



JAKE: Second of all, I'm not improvising. 



VINCENT: (coughing to get everyone's attention) (reading) As Darrel grabs his heart, not just his chest but literally he grabs his heart, his girlfriend enters. 81 years young, jet black hair, like a jet, has Pussy Sandwich for a name.



EMILY: (reading) Darrel, Darrel, Darrel McMexican, how are you? 



AMIR: You're improvising a little too much for my liking , but that's fine.



JAKE: She's not improvising at all.



EMILY: (reading) It's me. Pussy, Pussy Sandwich. I'm buxom and blonde as the sun.



MURPH: Awesome babe, that was so hot



(Emily licks Murph's hand, Murph glares at Jake) 



JAKE: (reading) I look at you and I want to know more about you. Are you a foodie?



AMIR: Okay, okay, great. So here comes the emotional crux of the whole...piece as it were. Please, as alway's improvise, adlib, yeah, but (pounds the table to get his point across) verbatim! I can't stress that enough. Stick to the script. 



VINCENT: (reading confusedly) Pussy Sandwich let's out a high pitched queef. We can't hear it, but everyone knows it's there for sure. Dogs from around the city start sprinting to McMexican's apartment. We hear thuds, barking, pounding. These dog's wanna get in and see what's what. They know it's coming from Pussy. (incredibly confused) What they don't know is how or why. 



AMIR: (smiling) Wow...



EMILY: (Murph is angrily staring back and forth at Jake and Emily. Jake is shaking his head in denial) Kiss me you fool, taste my tongue, you gaylord fool. My hair is as red as a green apple.



MURPH: (angrily at Jake) WOAH! 



JAKE: (defensively) W..W...What!? Dude!



MURPH: (irate) TASTE MY TONGUE!?!



JAKE: (scared) SHE'S TALKING SHE SAID IT!



MURPH: (interrupting) Are you REALLY talking to my girl like that!?!? Are you REALLY!?!?!



JAKE: I'm not talking to her at all! She was talking to me!



(Murph throws his shirt off) 



MURPH: YOU ARE! YOU ARE! OK!



JAKE: (on the verge of tears) I DIDN'T EVEN WRITE THIS, AMIR WROTE THIS! 



MURPH: (to Amir) Oh yeah, what's going on here!?



AMIR: He was improvising.



JAKE: I DIDN'T IMPROVISE!



(Murph punches Jake square in the face and holds his head to the table)



MURPH: Your ass is mine McMexican! Your ass is MIIIIINNNNNNEEEEEEEUUUUUUAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!



JAKE: (crying) What the fuck man! 



END SCENE







(Murph and Emily alone) 



MURPH: I don't know what happened back there. I just... I lost it. I love you so much.



EMILY: I love you too. 



MURPH: And I just feel like I need to work on my anger problems...



EMILY: (interrupting) No, no, if anything (walking towards Murph and grabbing his abs) I want you to be angrier, crazier. Can you do that for me? 



(Piano starts playing) 



MURPH: (in a deep, agitated voice) Absolutely. 



Link to episode

													

														Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake... and I guess that's it cause I suck!



Jake: Wow, come on.



Jake: Hey, Man.



Amir: Hey, Man.



Jake: How you feelin'?



Amir: Bueno.



Jake: Buddy, you're not "Bueno".



Amir: I'm not your "Buddy", Buddy.



Jake: Go home, just go home.



Amir: You would love that, wouldn't you?



Jake: Yes, everyone would love that. You're covered  in puke and shit.



Amir: And... shit!



Jake: Said that, I said "shit".



Amir: It's called 'food poisoning'.



Jake: Exactly, and when you have it, you go home.



Amir: I'm toughing it out!



Jake: You're obviously not toughing it out, right? You've been crying this entire time. Will you at least go to the bathroom?



Amir: Losers go to the bathroom. Winners go to the back room, to get blows.



Jake: Right, no one is going to "blows" you. Okay? Your crotch is covered in your own feces. Which is kind of crazy considering feces is supposed to come out the back.



Amir: Yeah, it did come out the back but then the smell was just overpowering me so I flipped the script, switched the pants around.



Jake: Weird logic.



Amir: If I could feel my arms, honestly, I'd give you a noogie right now.



Jake: Right, wouldn't let you give me a noogie because your fingers, like your crotch, is just covered in your own shit and puke.



Amir: Why did this happen to me?



Jake: Because for dinner you had a raw chicken, egg, and cheese sandwich on a frozen hot pocket.



Amir: I knew you'd bring that up.



Jake: You asked me! You washed the entire meal down with a glass of warm toilet water.



Amir: It was a dare.



Jake: Everybody was daring you to not do it.



Amir: Yeah, and guess what? I chickened out! Hehe, raw chicken that is! vomits Oh, look at me, I have diarrhea of the mouth, and diarrhea of the south. 



Jake: So, just regular diarrhea?



Amir: No, bueno.



Man: Eeeh, Jake, the pizza's here. Oh...



Man 2: So, Amir's still here.



Amir: Oh, I get it. You didn't come in here to bond with me. You came in to ask me to leave. 



Jake: Yeah, dude, I've been trying to kick you out of the office since I got here.



Amir: Well, I guess it's first come, first slerve on the Zsa Zsa Gabor. So, outta my way, dimwits. I'm looking for...



Jake: Dude, come on.



Amir: You want the nice golden brown. This is not...



Jake: Don't! At least let me hand you a slice, you're getting shit all over the pizza.



Amir: Wait a second, is this cheese pizza?



Jake: What are you talking about? It's pizza!



Amir: Yeah, but you didn't say it was cheese! Aw, I'm going to yarf.



Jake: Fine, don't yarf near the pizza!



Amir: It's too late, I'm actually mid yarf.



Jake: You're not mid yarf, at least turn your head.



Amir: Keep the box open!



Jake: No, you can't even turn your head?



Man 2: Aw, Jake, you ruined the pizza.



Jake: Amir ruined the pizza.



Man: You puked on it.



Amir: Go home, Jake! 



Man 3: What happened?



Man 2: Jake ruined the pizza, he's sick.



Collective chant: Go home, Jake!



Amir Blumenfeld 2002-Forever

													

														Intro;



jake: you're watching jake and amir

amir: don't talk to them like they're babies

jake: i'm not

amir: yeah you're spoon feeding them



Show;



[silence]

amir: i can fix this problem in three seconds and this fool is going to take 3 hours

[silence]

amir: i'm serious, i can fix this problem in three seconds and this fool is going to take 3 hours

[silence]

amir: i can...

jake: shut up dude, you can't fix any problem, computer related or not in three seconds so just stop talking

amir: wow, pussy whipped much [makes whipping sound]

jake: what?

amir: i'm fucking with you, okay relax man, you gotta learn how to chill out, i'm serious, if words piss you off this much, you have a seriously psychological problems

jake: i have a seriously psychological problems?

amir: yeah

jake: you've got a problem too, you can't talk

amir: i'm not keeden man, you should look and check it out, i'm not keeden

jake: you know what you poured apple jacks and milk all over my computer [amir rolls eyes] okay, all my files might be erased

amir: might be! might be! and you're pissed at me like they are! i'm serious if words piss you off this much...

jake: words didn't piss me off at all, you did, you and your apple jacks

amir: don't blame the apple jacks like they did anything

jake: i'm not blaming them, i'm blaming you

amir: i don't deserve the silent treatment

jake: i'm not giving you the silent treatment, i'm talking to you

amir: you're yelling at me!

jake: still, then it's not the silent treatment then is it right? so you were wrong when you said that

amir: i'm sorry, king dork is taking way to long, i gotta go over there and harrass this asshole or something

jake: no you don't hey! stop! [amir goes round the desk to jake's side]

amir: hey king dork, bet you're happy this is a computer problem and not a date because you have nothing to offer a woman, i bet you have no hobbies

i.t guy: i like swimming

amir: holy shit the king dork speaks [laughs] and he has the worst hobby of all time ... biking

jake: he said swimming, try to listen, what hobbies do you have?

amir: not really a hobby but i've been pretty into craisins recently, you know cranberry raisins?

jake: you're right, that's not a hobby

amir: hey biking dork, i bet i know what you like to do

i.t guy: your mum?

[amir stands up]

amir: low blow, you fucking asshole!

jake: hey hey hey relax

amir: what, this guy comes in here with that, that that that poison in my ears, talking about RAPING MY MOTHER!

jake: chill out he didn't say that

amir: you vile vile little man with your acid tongue you SERPENT! poisoning my minds eye 

jake: you're crying right now? you were making fun of him, you started this, you called him king dork

amir: i can't process this right now, i can't deal with this right now

jake: you know what thirty seconds ago you were saying if words piss you off this much you have serious psychological problems

amir: i was keeden

jake: you're not, you weren't keeden, you said right after i'm not keeden

amir: i was keeden

i.t guy: okay it should be good

jake: thanks man

[i.t guy gets up and walks away]

amir: you think he meant that, that jab about my old lady

jake: no

amir: yeah right, he said it so quick he didn't even bat an eyelash

jake: you're not intuitive

amir: if he's king dork then i'm prince nerd, and i'm ready to accept that [starts calling to i.t guy] dad come back, i'm ready to love again i'm sorry

i.t guy: [from a distance] fuck you

amir: [shakes his hand in disappointment]



[ends]

													

														Jake and Amir are sat at their desks, both typing, Amir is staring at Jake



Jake: Okay, dude, sorry but you have to stop posting on Reddit



Amir: Relax, I only post cool and interesting stories, at most, one a month



Jake: You've posted thirty nine hundred times today



Amir: I said at most



Jake: Then you're using that word wrong



Amir: You're a bigger circlejerking diva than the commenters, and that's saying a lot



Jake: Right, the last thing you uploaded thirty seconds ago was a picture of the guy from Futurama with, I think this is your dick-



Amir: interrupting -it's not



Jake: photoshopped onto his forehead-



Amir: interrupting again -oh yeah it is



Jake: The text not sure if y'all commenters are a bunch of circlejerking divas or if I'm universally hated by everybody, it's the second thing



Amir: It's called a me-me



Jake: No, it's called a meme, wow y'no you also tried to start a ton of AMAs. I am a coward and a fool who's dad moved out on him not once not twelve but a dozen times, Ask me anything 



Amir: Yeah



Jake: My dad is a diva, ask me anything



Amir: Yeah



Jake: I'll go dickless for Michael Chiklis, ask me almost anything



Amir: Yeah



Jake: What is that?



Amir: AMAs, okay? Its like an interview, it stands for ask me anywh-time



Jake: Wrong. What the fuck is going dickless for Michael Chiklis?



Amir: I needed the upvotes



Jake: You never get any upvotes, you have thousands of downvotes.



Amir: It's called 'karma' Jake, and correct me if I'm wrong (laugh) but I got a lot of it



Jake: you are wrong



Amir: then correct me



Jake: what are these hundreds and hundreds of posts on /r/trees just picture after picture of you trying to light a joint, your eyebrows on fire and you're crying and smiling. 



Amir: I'm an ent that needed the uptokes



Jake: okay right I see that I am high as a knife, ask me anything if this gets a thousand uptokes I won't kill myself? So sad. 



Amir: How's this for sad? I was at a three when I wrote that



Jake: That is sad because that's not very high and you went to a really dark place, threatened to kill yourself in an online community where everybody hates you



Amir: Will you just uptoke it okay? I'll go dickless for Chiklis literally this afternoon if you uptoke it



Jake: I won't, because you know what? your comments on all these other posts are actually really mean, like on this-



Amir: interrupting awh, one example? give me one example



Jake: at the same time - video of a dog, are you serious, I'll give you a ton of examples, okay? like on this video of a dog squealing with joy when his soldier owner comes home 



Amir: I already know what you're gonna say, okay? and just know that I did it for the lols



Jake: You did this for lols why the bitch is this on the front page? am I the only one who thinks dogs aren't cute or capable of having real emotions  



Amir: yeah



Jake:if this gets downvoted I'll shut up, my dick is off for Michael Chick if this gets one more D-vote



Amir: and guess what man...



Jake: Hundreds of downvotes



Amir: really?



Jake: Yeah, do you not check, do you follow up at all?



Amir: no I never go back



Jake: You would be depressed if you went through your reddit history, okay, here's another picture posted here of the pope and the caption says prays for starving children while sitting on a golden throne. 



Amir: laughs



Jake: what, you think that's funny now



Amir: (whilst Jake is talking)yeah



Jake: cause you didn't when you left this comment atheist fucks going to hell for talking smack about this God guy, bury me with downvotes if you disagree. You know, why do you, why do you ask for the downvotes?



Amir: I'm like a martyr



Jake: but if you agree, meet me at blockbuster, because we're renting rampart and then ramming each other's farts, then right under that you write Commenter above me is a philosopher, upvote him to karma heaven



Amir mock prays



Jake: Right under that you write I am the pope in this picture, ask me anything



Amir: that thread was dead



Jake: stop trying to protect yourself, you're coming up with excuses, just admit nobody on Reddit likes you



Amir: nobody likes me



Jake: This guy 'ForthewolfX' replied to you saying leave Reddit alone, love, everybody and his comment got (Amir is waving two thumbs down) thousands of upvotes



Amir: oh



Jake: and in response you decided to post a picture of Calvin trying to piss on Michael Chiklis, but there's no pee



Amir: yeah,  guess why



Jake: did he go dickless-



Amir: -(interrupting at the start of the word dickless) he went dickless for him, yeah, exactly right, ask him anytime. 

													

														INTRO



BEN: You're listening to Jake and Ameesh!



JAKE: Watching it, actually.



AMIR: Amir. Is my name.







[Jake and Amir are not at their desks. They seem to be waiting for somebody.]



AMIR: I spent a lot of time in high school doing Habitat for Humanity - you know, building houses - but instead of real nails, I would use these dissolvable sugar studs that I would get at novelty stores, and, like, always: six months later, I would check the news, and that house would - BOOM [snap] - collapse. Two dead, three dead, four at a time, just gone.



JAKE: What the hell is wrong with you?



[The interrogator, here referred to as Ben, enters.]



BEN: (singing) Hey diddly-dee, a sailors life for-- [abruptly stops singing] How are you? How is everything? This is what's happening: I'm goin' around this office, asking people-- because you know what happened? Some party pooper took a dump inside the copier, and I'm tryin' to find out who it was...



JAKE: Inside the machine?



BEN: Inside-- they lifted up the glass, took a quick feces [pronounced f'SEEZ] inside, and closed the glass again!



JAKE: Oh my God...



BEN: It's crazy, isn't it?



JAKE: So you're interrogating people?



BEN: Um, am I an interrogator is what he asks, and my answer is - gimme one second, I gotta double-check the facts, ummmm...



[Ben studies a list reading:



Dating Coach

Couples Therapist

Private Eye

Office Painter

H. R. Guy

Mountain Hiker

Interrogator]



BEN: ...Interrogator, yeaaah! That's what I am.



JAKE: What's that list?



[Jake tries to grab the list but Ben puts it away.]



BEN: Nonono, we'll keep this right here. I'm an interrogator but I'm a guy you've never seen before. Never seen me in a million years!



JAKE: [to Amir] He looks familiar, right?



AMIR: No.



JAKE: That's because he's that guy that, like, can't come up with the names.



BEN: I can prove you wrong, 'cuz I have a perfectly normal name.



JAKE: What's your name?



BEN: ...Carrot.



JAKE: That's... a normal name for a food.



BEN: Thank youuuu, thank youuuu.



JAKE: What's your last name?



BEN: Slat.



JAKE: Carrot Slat?



BEN: Carrot Slat.



JAKE: That's not normal.



BEN: Why is that not normal?



JAKE: [to Amir] Do you think that's normal?



AMIR: Sometimes, I'll go someplace, and... my name's not normal. But, like, where are you from?



BEN: I'm from Virginia.



JAKE: What are your parents' names?



[long pause]



BEN: Sorry, I was thinking of that, um... Don't Worry, Be Happy song. What'd you say? [beat] Now I'm gonna ask you something; just answer honestly.



AMIR: Okay.



BEN: Quick one-two punch: Um, what's your favorite color?



JAKE: Color... um, green.



BEN: Great! Thanks so much. And did you do it?



JAKE: Do what?



BEN: Did you take a shit in the copier?



JAKE: No.



BEN: [brandishing a closed umbrella like a microphone] Amir, Amir: do you dress yourself in the morning? [holds the mic to Amir]



AMIR: [as if being interviewed] Uhhhh, no I do not.



BEN: [mic to himself] Ahahaha! Okay then, who does, or how do you dress yourself? [mic to Amir]



AMIR: Either a relative will help me, or I will upload a video of myself--



BEN: [mic to himself] And do you have frequent bowel movements? [mic to Amir]



AMIR: Frequent flyer miles?



BEN: [mic to himself] Do you have frequent bowel movements? [mic to Amir]



AMIR: Oh, like, do I... t--



BEN: [mic to himself] Do you take a lot of shits? [mic to Amir]



AMIR: Yes.



BEN: [mic to himself] Okay, cool. So, how often in a day will you take a shit? [mic to Amir]



AMIR: Forty.



BEN: [mic to himself] Forty shits? [mic to Amir]



JAKE: Jesus Christ...



AMIR: Well, sometimes I'll take, like, one or less, like thirty-nine, but yeah. Thirty-nine or forty. [to Jake] Right?



BEN: Crazy!



JAKE: In a day?



AMIR: How much is r-- how much is good?



BEN: [mic to himself] I take, like, twenty!



JAKE: That's also really high.



BEN: Seems pretty good to me.



JAKE: Both of you guys are shitting way too much.



BEN: [mic to Jake] You're shitting way too much.



JAKE: I shit once a week.



BEN: [mic to himself] That's way too much.



JAKE: What the hell kind of interview is this?



BEN: That's it. [slams the table] That's it! No more cool laid-back dude! It's all fuckin' over now! Now you get the shit! Okay? Now you get the fuckin' shit!



AMIR: ...What did we have before?



BEN: Oh my God...







TO BE CONTINUED



http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMXSNNAL6FA

													

														NARRATOR: Previously, on Jake and Amir:



BEN: Some party pooper took a dump inside the copier, and I'm tryin' to find out who it was... [cut] No more cool laid-back dude! It's all fuckin' over now!







INTRO



JAKE: I'm Jake...



AMIR: I'm Amir...



BEN: [shrill Italian accent] It's-a me, Ben!



AMIR: Oh no, it's too loud. / JAKE: No, that's offensive!







[Ben now has a new outfit, a baseball bat, and a goatee. No time has elapsed since the end of the last episode.]



BEN: You think this is fuckin' funny?



JAKE: You grew a goatee?



BEN: Shut the fuck up, okay? Did you... [points at Amir] take a shit in the copier?



[There is a long pause.]



AMIR: Yeah, no.



BEN: ...Which one?



AMIR: Ya know?



BEN: Ya know...?



AMIR: Ya know it's no.



BEN: Ya know it's no!



JAKE: Sounds a little suspicious, right? He started to say yeah.



BEN/AMIR: [talking over Jake] Ya know it's no. [high-five] Ya know it's no.



JAKE: How--



BEN: Jake... did you take a shit in the copier?



JAKE: No.



[Ben punches Jake in the head.]



JAKE: Ow! ...Fuck, dude!



BEN: I'm gonna ask you one more time, and this time, I'm not gonna be so nice.



JAKE: That wasn't nice. You just hit me! I didn't shit in th--



BEN: Jake... did you take a shit in the copier?



JAKE: No.



[Ben begins punching Jake in the head again.]



JAKE: [punch] Ow, can you-- [punch] Ow! Hey!



BEN: Hold his arms.



[Amir complies, and holds Jake's arms behind the chair.]



JAKE: Nonono don't-- [punch] Ow! Ow-- 



[Ben leans into Jake's crotch.]



JAKE: What the hell is--



[Ben unzips Jake's pants and starts blowing him.]



JAKE: Stop-- ...Ohh...



BEN: Gggg-gggg-gggg...



[Jake pushes Ben out of his lap.]



JAKE: Get off of me! What the fuck was that? He just gave me head. [punch] Ow!



BEN: You gonna tell me what I need to know?



JAKE: No! You just beat me up and sucked my dick.



BEN: I've got a family waiting for me at home; I don't need to be doing this bullshit.



JAKE: Well, go back to your family!



BEN: It's not my family. It's a family I kidnapped.



JAKE: Oh, my God...



BEN: What do you mean, Oh my God?



JAKE: What are their names?



BEN: They're normal names. I didn't name 'em. Paul, Janet, Stanson...



JAKE: Stanson's not that normal.



BEN: I named the last one. [points at Amir] Where were you yesterday at noon, Amir-- and if you bullshit me, man--



AMIR: I was by the copier.



BEN: This copier?



AMIR: Yeah.



BEN: That doesn't mean anything, you know--



JAKE: It d-- it means a lot--



BEN: Stop. Keep going, Amir.



AMIR: I had just gotten back from lunch. Some hole-in-the-wall Mexican place.



BEN: Wha-- where, which ho-- which place?



AMIR: Oh, not a r-- not a place, this actual hole in the wall that I found a burrito in. Then I went to Taco Bell and got one of the T-- the d-Dorito Taco-Lacos.



JAKE: I don't think that's what it's called. [punch] Ow, stop it!



BEN: Hold his arms, Amir.



JAKE: No, don't!



[Ben leans into Jake's crotch again, using his hands as well this time.]



BEN: Flick-flick-flick, flick, flick, flick, flick...



JAKE: St-- quit flicking-- ohh... oh, my G-- he's sucking my dick!



[Ben comes back up, and Jake shoves him.]



JAKE: That was illegal, man! That was illegal.



[Ben retorts calmly, but is drowned out each time by Jake.]



JAKE: I didn't want that! I shit in the copier, okay? Stop beating me up. Stop sucking me off. I shit in the copier!



BEN: Well, that's funny... 'cuz that's impossible.



JAKE: Why?



BEN: ...'Cuz I shit in the copier.



[Jake sits in stunned silence. Amir is awestruck.]



JAKE: What the fuck?



[Amir begins clapping for Ben.]



BEN: [mouthing] Thank you. Hey.



JAKE: That's not impressive.



BEN: It was me the whole time!



[Amir continues clapping. Ben does a little victory dance, and then winds up and gives Jake another punch in the head.]



JAKE: Ow.







END



EPISODE LINK

													

														Opening Sequence



Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. You like my underwear?



Jake: That's your penis.



Amir: Alright.







Episode



(Amir is smoking a hookah, when Jake comes into the office)



Amir: Mm. Hit?



Jake: No.



Amir: Come over.



Jake: No.



Amir: Smoking a hookah.



Jake: I see that.



Amir: Not that big of a deal.



Jake: You know, it's actually not, but clearly think it is. Otherwise you wouldn't have gotten to work, set up the entire hookah, and 

then waited for me to get here so you could ask me to smoke with you.



(Amir moves his mouth as if he's blowing smoke rings)



Jake: Nothing's coming out of your mouth so you're definitely not blowing smoke rings.



Amir: Don't blow smoke up my ass.



Jake: I don't think that's lit, man.



Amir: I have strawberry. I have strawberry and apple and watermelon and mint, and mint is the bomb, and it's smooth, and if you mix it 

with strawberry it tastes like a mojito.



Jake: Why do you think this is cool?



Amir: Why is drinking alcohol cool? Hm? Why is riding on a motorcyle cool? Why is wearing SPF of less than 10 at the beach cool?



Jake: I don't that think that is cool.



Amir: Because it's dangerous! Being safe is for mothers and nerds, and last time I checked, I'm have a pussy.



Jake: ...what?!



Amir: I said I don't have a pussy!



Jake: No you didn't! You didn't say that! You said I'm have a pussy!



Amir: Yeah!



Jake: Have you even done any work at all today?



Amir: (Holding up the hookah hose) Yeah.



Jake: So setting up the hookah was your work.



Amir: No, I also did regular work.



Jake: Where's your computer? It's not out.



Amir: (Holding up his backpack, from which mewing can be heard) It's in my fricking backpack!



Jake: Is there a fucking cat in there with it?!



Amir: Chill it with this line of questioning, okay! It's not becoming of either of us. You're stressing me out.



Jake: Your computer's not out, it's not on; you haven't done any work at all.



Amir: I've been checking my Gmail on my work phone.



Jake: You have a work phone?



Amir: (Mocking Jake) Yeah I have a work phone.



Jake: Where's your phone?



Amir: (Opening his backpack) It's here.



Jake: In the bag.



Amir: (Brandishing his phone) Yeah, in the bag.



Jake: How are you checking it?



(Amir shakes his head idly)



Jake: Gimme your phone.



(Amir tosses Jake his phone)



Amir: Careful, it's dirty!



Jake: It smells like soy sauce and yoghurt!



Amir: Yeah, the lock screen is all... messed up. It's like



Jake: Not the lock screen. All the buttons are just stuck together, it's one giant button. You ruined your phone.



Amir: I'm starting to not even be in the mood to smoke.



Jake: Stop trying so hard.



Amir: Why? Huh? Because you shouldn't try to be cool! You should just be yourself and not care what other people think?



Jake: Yes.



Amir: No! No, absolutely not! Last week, I paid 2000 dollars for a getting-with-chicks seminar. And guess what happened: final exam 

time rolls around and we're at a bar, and every single one of us hooks up with a girl. That's right: we all made out like bandits. And 

on my way home, guess what I saw: the teacher of the class, Sean, he was discreetly paying every single girl that made out with us 

nerds money. And you know why?



Jake: Because he hired whores to french you so you'd feel better about yourself!



Amir: Because I'm cool!



Jake: You know, with two grand you probably could have paid girls to do a lot more than just make out with you.



Amir: What.

													

														INTRO



AMIR: Jake, Jake, Jake. Jake Jake Jake. Jake your booty.



JAKE: Stop!







AMIR: (joining Jake on couch) Hey, dude, thanks for meeting me here.



JAKE: (simultaneously) Oh, bad odor!



AMIR: So how do people make money today?



JAKE: I'm not meeting you here. Ok, I was just in here.



AMIR: That's right, creating iPad apps.



JAKE: Don't think that I agreed to a meeting. 



AMIR: And, what better way to create iPad apps than in a meeting that both people agreed to?







AMIR: Ok, first app idea. You know how it's hard to manage your time, like time management?



JAKE: Sure.



AMIR: So this is just a list of other shit that's hard to deal with.



JAKE: Really? Number one says wiping. 



AMIR: Yes.



JAKE: That shouldn't be that hard.



AMIR: And yet it is.



JAKE: No it's not.



AMIR: Ok.







JAKE: (holds up iPad) Sorry, just look at your iPad, right? It's covered in cracks and barbecue sauce. 



AMIR: I was trying to change the battery on this piece of junk.



JAKE: You haven't tried to clean it! Ok, treat your stuff better!







JAKE: Number two on your list of shit that's hard to deal with is not shaking foreigners and demanding they speak English. Awful.



AMIR: That's an example of something I do all the time.



JAKE: I know.







AMIR: The hardest thing anyone has to deal with, emotionally, is finding out that a loved one doesn't feel anything for them anymore.



JAKE: What's the app?



AMIR: I'm not always talking about apps.







AMIR: So, you hate the Papua New Guinean community, I hate the Papua New Guinean community. So let's just agree-



JAKE: Stop, I don't hate the Papua New Guinean community. 



AMIR: Ok. So this app might be a dud. (snorts)







AMIR: This one's pretty slick, actually, it's an app called burger and you use it when you're hungry.



JAKE: How?



AMIR: It's a picture of a burger and, uh, ya eat your iPad. (chuckles)



JAKE: Cool, so that's why you have the, uh-



AMIR: Barbecue sauce everywhere, no, that was for a different app called ribs and it's not what it sounds like. That was a picture of-



JAKE: Ribs.



AMIR: Exactly right, how did you-



JAKE: How is that not what it sounds like?



AMIR: You're getting defensive.



JAKE: Oh my-







AMIR: It's called Photobooth and you can use it to take goofy pictures of yourselves.



JAKE: That app has been around for a while.



AMIR: Yeah, well I created a lens for it, called fisheye.



JAKE: I feel so bad for you, man.



AMIR: If you're gonna call me out on every single white lie I tell, just, just leave, I'm serious man.



JAKE: Fine. (gets up)



AMIR: Bahh! When I'm done!



JAKE: What is that noise?



AMIR: What noise?



JAKE: It just comes out of your mouth when I go to leave. (gets up)



AMIR: I guess so- Bahh!







AMIR: You're in a bad place right now and I feel like even if I pitched you a good idea you wouldn't be into it.



JAKE: You haven't pitched me a good idea so don't worry about that, right?



AMIR: (taps iPad) Alright.







JAKE: Actually you know what? (takes iPad) I'm gonna take away the iPad. Because it costs a lot of money and you don't know how to take care of it. Sorry.



AMIR: Oh my God, I have a case for it, relax.



JAKE: The case has more barbecue sauce on it than the iPad.



AMIR: Call me out. Call me out in front of all your big friends so that I can feel small. 



JAKE: Don't talk to me like a bitter boyfriend or something.



AMIR: Don't compartmentalize me like I'm a chore. 



JAKE: You spit all over my fucking arm just now.



AMIR: (huggine Jake) I hate when we fight like this.



JAKE: Stop!







AMIR: Alright, so this one's a hoot and a half. (laughs briefly) What's the hardest part about reading?



JAKE: Finding the time.



AMIR: Ok, never mind.



JAKE: Your app idea just says the vowels.



AMIR: Never mind, I said!







AMIR: You try to put everything in a box. And if it doesn't fit, ya throw it away. (pause, reaches for hug) I'm sorry.



JAKE: Get-







AMIR: So you know how Instagram sold for (puts pinky to lip) one billion dollars?



JAKE: Don't do that.



AMIR: (laughs) So this would be an app that harasses the creators of Instagram until they give us a few million dollars to stop.



JAKE: Alright, don't take this as a compliment.



AMIR: Thank you.



JAKE: That's your best app idea yet.



AMIR: Appreciate it.



JAKE: It's still terrible.



AMIR: Danke.



JAKE: It's just all your other ideas are so bad.



AMIR: Gracias. (laughs)



JAKE: Ok, don't take this-



AMIR: Todah rabah. 



JAKE: Fuck you!



(pause, Amir recoils)



AMIR: (whispers) Ouch.







JAKE: Hey, brace yourself 'cause this is not gonna be pleasant.



AMIR: Oh no, constructive criticism!



JAKE: Quit. 



AMIR: (faintly) Ow.



JAKE: Not even quit while you're ahead, quit while you're behind. None of these ideas were good. I would feel bad telling you to go back to the drawing board. 



AMIR: Right, yeah, yeah.



JAKE: I feel like there's not even a single nugget of an idea that's worth exploring.



AMIR: That's fine, Ok.



JAKE: Furthermore,



AMIR: Oh?



JAKE: You're not smart.



AMIR: No.



JAKE: You're not getting better.



AMIR: Nope.



JAKE: You don't have a mind that's capable of improving itself. You can't even take care of this iPad. So I say, let's toss out the iPad. We'll, we'll find something else for you to do, you know?



AMIR: Yeah.



JAKE: With your time.



AMIR: At least I gave it the old college try, you know?



JAKE: I'm not sure you did.



AMIR: Well, at least I tried my best, you know? (snorts)



JAKE: That is sad, because it wasn't even close to being good enough.



AMIR: (tapping couch) Absolutely (snorts) I just, uh. Quit it, alright, you're making me feel weak.



JAKE: You are weak.



AMIR: (raising voice) Enough! Ok, you're not creative!



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO



JAKE: You're watching a buff dude and Amir.



AMIR: (laughs, gets punched by Jake) Ow!







JAKE: (takes off his shirt to reveal a muscle tee)



AMIR: Woah, cool tank top.



JAKE: Woah, cool wrong word for it.



AMIR: What?



JAKE: It's called a muscle tee, asswad.



AMIR: Why?



JAKE: Actually, scratch that. It's called six months of pumping iron for this one moment.



AMIR: Do you think that's a normal thing to wear around the office?



JAKE: You think I'm not going to go to the park during lunch? I don't commit to wearing something that makes me feel vulnerable without having an airtight excuse for every line of questioning. Does that make me insecure? You bet your ass it does.



AMIR: Just wear a T-Shirt, then, okay? You'll look normal and you won't be as angry.



JAKE: GQ Teen says the summer look is Toms shoes, Ray Bans, board shorts, and a muscle tee. Or was that Joseph Gordon-Levitt doppelganger that I saw at the Starbucks on 9th Avenue not styling?



AMIR: Doppelganger?



JAKE: Wasn't one hundred percent sure it was the 3rd Rock from the Sun star and upon asking for his autograph, I found out it was not. Still snagged this sweet pic though. (shows Amir picture on his phone)



AMIR: He looks pissed at you.



JAKE: He was!



AMIR: So why follow his fashion advice?



JAKE: Because a sleeveless shirt for this piece of dirt makes that sweet pussy go squirt. (makes milk come out of his mouth)



AMIR: How?



JAKE: I 69'd my dad! At a rave!



AMIR: What?



JAKE: I was obviously joking, the point is that I attend raves! And while I've never done anything more than kiss a bouncer on the cheek to get in and then be sold fake ecstasy by a sweaty teen, still cooler than your last Tuesday.



AMIR: I guess-



JAKE: -(mocking) I guess? Do you guess? Do you guess? (yelling) I shared a fucking glowing pacifier, dude, with a legit five-and-a-half. That's two points hotter than my last girlfriend.



AMIR: What?



JAKE: (does McDonald's jingle) Da da da dada I'm loving snatch!



AMIR: That actually is a cool look.



JAKE: No shlit, dude.



AMIR: (rips the sleeves of his shirt off)



JAKE: No, no! Hey don't you-



AMIR: I'm going sleeveless! Yeah! A dank tank for this man stank make the poonani smell rank!



JAKE: That's not a tank! Bad rhyme, doesn't count!



PAT: (walks over, wearing a muscle tee) Woah, woah, hey hey! Look guys, guys: tank top triplets!



JAKE: Get him outta here!



AMIR: Get outta here, man!



JAKE: Get him outta here!



AMIR: (points to Jake) He 69'ed his dad!



JAKE: At a rave! Tell him where is was!



AMIR: It was a rave, yeah.



PAT: Why?

													

														INTRO



AMIR: [in a mellow, congested-sounding voice] Hey, you're watchin' Jake and Amir!



JAKE: Bad job with that.



AMIR: [still doing the voice] It's a new voice.







[Many people have gathered in a conference room. Amir is among them. He leans over to the guy beside him.]



AMIR: These meetings are awful.



[The co-worker smiles politely. Amir leans over again.]



AMIR: They always suck.



COWORKER (HARNOFF): ...I dunno. I-- I like 'em.



AMIR: The speakers are always a dumb or a chump.



COWORKER: I've had good experiences, and I've had bad...



[Amir makes a face and leans away. Then he pounds the table with his pen to get the room's attention, and stands up.]



AMIR: Alright. Listen up, everyone: I am your speaker. And despite what this guy thinks, [gestures toward the co-worker he wa talking to previously] I'm pretty damn good.



[The co-worker laughs nervously. Amir mocks his laughter.]



AMIR: Heheheheh, what're you laughing about, asshole? You just insulted me to my face!



CO-WORKER: But, I--



AMIR: But-I, but-I, buh-buh-buh-buh-butt-- You are a butt. You're a butt now. Leave.



CO-WORKER: Jesus! I-- I paid five hundred and ninety-five dollars for this seminar.



AMIR: Okay, how 'bout this: I'll pay you a thousand dollars to get out.



CO-WORKER: ...Okay.



AMIR: ...Fuck. Um... [pulls out a checkbook] yeah... is check fine, or...



CO-WORKER: Yeah. It's fine.



[Amir sighs.]



AMIR: Name?



CO-WORKER: Siggy... Harnoff.



AMIR: This is so fucked... Why, why, why am I doing this. [gives Harnoff the check.] Take this and get out of my face.



HARNOFF: Okay.



[He leaves.]



AMIR: Huh. Obviously not my finest moment, heheh. Does anyone know how to stop payment on a check?



CO-WORKER 2 (Gonny): Wh-why did you do that?



AMIR: Just shut up, okay? I'll-- I'll give you two thousand dollars to put a sock in it.



CO-WORKER 2: Fine.



AMIR: Oh my God, dammit! ...Name.



CO-WORKER 2: Gonny.



AMIR: Well, Gonny, must be your lucky day. [he passes the check to Gonny] Here. Before I put the checkbook away, does anyone else want money?



CO-WORKER 3: No, uh... we feel bad for you.



AMIR: Focus, group! Heh! No. Okay: what're we here to learn?



CO-WORKER 3: Search engine optimization.



AMIR: Exactly right. Now: what do I know about SEO? ...nothing. That's right: I'm not an authority on anything; fuck, guys, I'm not even a decent human being. Let's go to the presentation.



[Amir narrates the presentation while clicking through the slides.]



AMIR: [clicks to a blank screen] Blank slide, [clicks to a blank picture reading TEST IMAGE] test image, [clicks to a blank screen again] blank slide. It should be a surprise to none of you that I don't know how to work a computer.



[Amir clicks to a censored picture of his head Photoshopped onto the body of a topless, large-breasted woman. Gonny walks out.]



AMIR: So, that took me three years.



[Jake walks in.]



JAKE: Hey, everybody, sorry to interrupt-- okay, weird picture--



AMIR: Yeah.



JAKE: Just ran into a lady who was supposed to give a marketing lecture here. She said she was accosted in the elevator. Yeah, a skinny nerd tried to push her into the wall, failed, then started crying, and offered to cut her a four-thousand-dollar check to keep the whole thing under wraps.



AMIR: Huh...



JAKE: He said he didn't want everybody to know he was a punk bitch who couldn't even yoke up a forty-five-year-old dame with a heart of cold.



AMIR: Guys, listen up: Ten thousand dollars to the person who can find that perp and bring him to me, dead or alive.



JAKE: It was you.



AMIR: Correctimundo! Ten thousand for the private eye. [begins writing a check] ...Name?







END													

														Amir: Jake and Amir long story short--



Jake: Late.



Amir: Okay



(Amir walks in, wearing a USA outfit and holding a vuvuzela)



Jake: Six hours late--



Amir: Guess where I'm going today



Jake: I know where you think you're going, the Olympics, but you're not.



Amir: Correctanundo! The Olintics!



Jake: Why don't you say the reasons you think you're going to the Olympics, and I'll say the reasons you're not.



Amir: Speed.



Jake: No plane ticket.



Amir: Honor.



Jake: No event tickets.



Amir(pointing at USA emblem on jacket): U. SS. R.



Jake: You don't have a legal passport or birth certificate to travel anywhere.



Amir: You mean to tell me I have to buy shit.



Jake: Yeah, you do, and you're clearly not opposed to buying shit because I bet that costume wasn't cheap.



Amir: 330 euro, yeah, and that was without international shipping and processing!



Jake: Why would you ship that American costume internationally?



Amir: Because I was gonna pick it up in bloody old England, dumbass!



Jake: So what happened?!



Amir: Shit happened! Okay? Life got in the way!



Jake: Where do you get confidence from?



Amir: What?



Jake: Where do you get your confidence from?



Amir: Huh?



Jake: Can you not hear me?



Amir: No!



Jake: You're always wrong--



Amir: Yeah.



Jake: You're always wrong--



Amir: Okay.



Jake: Yet you're overflowing with confidence!



Amir: That's a humble brag.



(Several seconds of silence)



Jake: Go home.



Amir: I started a Twitter account! 



Jake: Fine.



Amir: Oooh! I was gonna save it for you birthday!



Jake: It would've been a bad gift.



Amir: Yeah well wait 'til you hear what the username is!



Jake: What.



Amir: USA Rice!



Jake: How was that gonna be my birthday gift?



Amir: USARice is fun. He's fun and happy and he's positive and he's everything that I'm not and if you're just gonna shit on him then you're a grinch now.



Jake: Yup, here we go, first tweet: The sun is shining, the grass is green, and guess what's for breakfast? Anything is possible.



Amir(cutting him off): Anything is possible, yeah! 



Jake: How is this a gift?!



Amir: Don't even make me feel a little bit bad about any of these tweets, okay! Otherwise I'll delete my entire freaking account.



Jake: Feel stupid about all of these tweets! Especially this one that says I'm from the USA but I'm voting for Rice. That's not fun or positive. That's just a bad tweet that you made.



Amir: Negative! Poison!



Jake: Go to the Olympics!



Amir: I wish I could, honestly, but you've been waterboarding me with so much haterade that I don't know if I can get my mojo going enough to bring me or the youth group to merry old Scotland!



Jake: England.



Amir: Close enough.



Jake: I guess, what youth group?



Amir: I sponsored a teen tour!



Jake: Stop yelling weird shit at me.



Amir: I'm supposed to chaperone 20 youngsters from all over the states and bring them to the Olympics.



Jake: You know what, I'm gonna call bullshit on that one too.



(Pan up to a group of children)



Kid: I can't wait to kiss Michael Phelps. As promised! (winks)



Jake: Wow, how many of you guys did he promise a kiss from Michael Phelps?



(All of them raise hands)



Amir: Liars!



Jake: Awful.



Kids(chanting): USA! USA! USA!



Amir: USSR! USSR!

													

														Jake: Yo, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: Wow, yo, you're such a surfer guy.



Jake: Come on.







Jake: Alright, thank you for coming in. So the internship here is-



Amir (cutting in): UNAVAILABLE, hi, Amir Blumenfeld. Whoa, weak grip.



Jake: This isn't a couch. I said you could help me conduct these interviews if-



Amir (cutting in): if you lead the charge I know. You know they say to dress for the job you want but I don't know if we have any openings in the hooker division.



Jake: Leave.



Amir: Ya heard him. Leave.







Jake: What's your biggest weakness?



Interviewee: Well my eyesight isn't perfect.



Amir: Ha ha ha. You just cost yourself the job dumbass. Bad eyes, no, bad you.



Jake: You know, you wear glasses. 



Amir: Because I can't see without them, Jake.







Amir: Listen, you're gonna get sexually harassed working here, okay dude? Massages and more are par for the course especially looking like you do. How much you bench kid?



Interviewee: I don't know if I want to work here anymore.



Amir: Ooh, playing hard to get I like that. Now I gotta have you. Hehe. Lie down.



Jake: Leave, quick.







(Interviewee is crying)



Amir: What is this? Is it something that I said or did?



Jake: I think it was both.  Because you said You'll never work in this town again and then you boxed her ears. 



Amir: If she's waiting for an apology from me I can outlast this diva queen. With her drama.







Amir: What's your sexual orientation kiddo?



Jake: Whoa, whoa!



Amir: Alright you don't have to answer that, you don't have to answer that.



Jake: You legally can't ask that.







Amir: Can you cover your ears for just like a second. Heh thanks. (Whispering) I'm trying to play it cool but I'm 90 percent sure this kid is Shia LaBeouf. 



Jake: It's definitely not. 



Amir: Uncover now. Hey, great thanks. Two questions for you, one: When can you start and two what was it like working with and kissing with Megan Fox!







Amir: You know what I did to the last chick that was in here? I boxed her fricken ears. Hard.



Jake: He really did.







Amir: Just a really big fan and that's all I'm gonna say okay from here on out you're just another dude to me. Heh. Follow up question, what was it like sharing the screen with Hollywood legend Harrelson fricken Ford. 



Jake: You know his name on his resume says Michael Fink.



Amir: Yeah because you don't put your real name on shit. Not when you're A-list. Dumbass.



Jake: You're a dumbass.  Why would Shia LaBeouf need an internship?



Amir: Call me a dumbass again and I will smack you I swear I don't take kindly to that shit. Sorry Shia you have to see me like this, usually I'm a pretty cool guy but I really don't take kindly to that dumbass shit.



Jake: What are you talking about? You're just trying to act tough in front of someone you think is Shia LaBeouf.



Amir: Here we go.



(Amir tries to hit Jake, Jake blocks it)



Jake: Get-



Amir (crying): Ow.  Dammit! Sorry, I- I- I promised myself I wouldn't beef in front of the beef, but here I am. No homo.







Amir: Okay what if I offered you the job huh? Would that make you feel better babe?



Jake: I don't think you should do that because we don't know if she's qualified yet. You boxed her ears pretty much right away. 



Amir: Yeah, you want a job kiddo? What if I gave you the job. Yeah?



Interviewee: Okay.







Interviewee: Thanks for calling me in guys this is exciting!



Jake: Yeah! So you go to-



Amir: Do you watch Even Stevens?



Interviewee: What?



Amir: Yeah. Guess who was sitting in your chair not twenty minutes ago.



Jake: Just drop it.



Amir: Shia La fucking beef.  He even signed my tit. Fake name, but...







Amir: What's your favorite color?



Interviewee: Green.



Amir: CREAM? Who's favorite color is cream? Leave.



Jake: He said green.



Amir: Doesn't matter.



Jake: I agree. I mean, why ask that question in a job interview. 



Amir: What do you want me to ask, why do you want to work here?



Jake: Yes, ask that.  What is wrong with you?



Amir: NO! NO!



Jake: What's YOUR favorite color. 



Amir: Green. Huh? Hands down. That or a milky tan like this chair. 



Jake: THAT'S CREAM!



Amir (mocking): That's cream!



Jake: THAT'S CREAM and he left.







Amir (speaking to the candidates): Hey guys I'm sorry to say but the search is over. Yeah, well, something tells me you wont be that disappointed when I tell you who we got though. Shia the fricken beef. 

													

														Intro



Jake: Thanks for watching Jake and Amir!



Amir: Thanks for what?



Jake: Watching.



Amir: Yeeaahh.



Script



Jake: Flew a kite this weekend.



Amir: One second.



Jake: Soo sick.



Amir (On the phone now): Hello Village Realty! Yes, I am calling about your two-bedroom triplex on East 8th and 1st. She is a beaut. That's right, hot to trot and newsflash: I'm not!  Heh. But the asking price is quite nice, 8k a month plus utilities.



Jake: Wow, expensive apartment.



Amir: Let me make you an offer you CAN refuse. Heh. I'm writing it down on a slip of paper and let me just know if this offends you.



(Amir holds up the piece of paper to the phone)



Jake: Hey that's not gonna work.  It just won't work.



Amir: Okay I will take your silence to mean that you've accepted my counter of eleven dollars a month plus carte blanche access to your business center, that means you can't kick me out after midnight!



Jake: Business center?



Amir: Hello? Hello? Mm. Locked down another apartment dude.



Jake: I don't think you did.



Amir: Moving is tough though, my current place is kind of a dump.



Jake: Where is it?



Amir: It's the dump. 



Jake: Oh, god that's sad.



Amir (Now on the phone again): Hello! Yes, Village Realty. Long time listener, second time caller: and I'm baller!  Heh. Oscar the Grouch here speaking and I can say that 'cause I live in a fucking trash can. 



Jake: You know what, I'm on the site right now, you can't afford any of these apartments. 



Amir: I'm looking at one listing which is particularly cherry. Though on the contrary, it might be an apple, because it is that of my eye!



Jake: Bad.



Amir: I'm speaking of course of your seven bedroom quadplex overlooking Central Park West, asking price 38.9 million dollars, so let me do you one worse. Five dollars a month plus carte blanche access to your business center.



Jake: Drop the business center.



Amir: Yes, that is a very lowball offer, but if I'm doing my math correctly-



Jake: I guarantee you, you're not.



Amir: You are still netting a cool 1.9 million dollars in commission. Which may not seem like a lot to you but I live in a god damn trash heap so try not to rub it in my face. I already do that enough as is. 



Jake: Hang up.



Amir (Speaking to Jake): Good call, power move. (Speaking to the phone) I'm going to hang up on you right now and you better call me back with a three letter answer: Nah.



Jake: Why do you live in a trash heap?



Amir: My last landlord was a coward and a thief. AKA: Me. That's right, you're looking at a modern day robin hood, I steal from the bitch and give to the whore. 



Jake: I have no idea what you're saying. Ever.



Amir: Neither do I. Alls I know is that I can't afford first and last month, or any of the ones in between. Uh oh, I am blowing up.



Jake: Great.



Amir: Yellow is the color of my energy, hello?



Jake: Old song.



Amir (Speaking to Jake): They have a studio in Hell's Kitchen for nine seventy five a month.



Jake: Take it.



Amir (On the phone.): Go fuck yourself. I'LL TAKE IT. Hello? They hung up. They hung up on me.



Jake: Yeah but they hung up when you said go fuck yourself to them.  Don't you have anybody that you can live with?



Amir: Oh, good call. (Dialing phone) Hey wanna do mimosas after work?



Jake: No, I don't. Hey, no don't do that. Don't shoehorn that in then act like I said yes.



Amir: We're on. Mickey my friend!



Jake: Jesus Christ.



Amir: I have a proposition for you Mickey. Yes, how would you like a new roommate my friend. That's right. That's right I am quiet, I am clean, and just between you and me, I bake a mean frittata.



Jake: Why do you want to keep that a secret just between you two?



Amir: How does 4,900 dollars a month sound Mickey? That's right, that's first, last, and security Mickey. We can finally start that organic garden Mickey. That's right, just me you and some fresh basil, just the way we always wanted Mickey. Alright excellent Mickey, that sounds great. That sounds great Mickey, come outside. Come outside and help me carry in this boxspring Mickey it looks heavier than it is Mickey. Are you outside, are you coming outside Mickey? 



Jake: Why do you say his name this much?



Amir: You know why I'm not there Mickey?  Because I'm not coming. I'm not gonna be your roommate Mickey. I live in a god damn trash heap and your rent was too damn high. Your mom's bringing us iced tea in mason jars?  Well that doesn't sound like my dream! That doesn't sound like my idea of a good time Mickey. Hold on, I'm getting another call.



Jake: Make your phone calls in the conference room from now on.



Amir: Oscar the Grouch speaking. That's fine! That's fine I will vacate your trash heap at ten P.M. because you know why? I'll be looking down at that trash heap from Central Park fricken west for five dollars a month in a fricken business center!

													

														INTRO 



AMIR -  Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir and Cheryl. 



JAKE - Oh no.



AMIR - Oh yea!







CHERYL: (sobbing) He's such a fucking coward. 



AMIR: He is, he's a freaking coward. I always said that. I said that from day one, that he was a coward.   



Jake enters.



JAKE: Oh my God, what happened



AMIR: Cheryl cheated on Todd.  



JAKE: So how does that make him a coward?



CHERYL: You're really taking his side in this? 



JAKE: No, I'm not gonna take anybody's side. You guys are just at my desk.  



CHERYL: Oh! Ohh! Ohhh!



JAKE: Oh.



CHERYL: I'm so sorry that my broken heart and my hurt feelings are getting in the way of you getting your work done.  



AMIR: You dick.



CHERYL: You diiick.



JAKE: You know that actually is something you could apologize for.



CHERYL: That pussy didn't even have the guts, to break up with me to my face.  



JAKE: How did he do it?



CHERYL: In front of all my friends. 



JAKE: So to your face then?



AMIR: Yea to her freaking face, right to it. In front of all of her friens if you can believe that. 



JAKE: You know I can't believe that because you just told me he didn't do it to your face because he was too much of a pussy. 



CHERYL: Don't say that word!



JAKE: What word? Pussy?



CHERYL: Yea!



JAKE: You're saying it.



CHERYL: No.



JAKE: You say it all the time.



CHERYL: I'm allowed to say it. (Starts waving her finger at Jake) Don't say that word. Don't say that word.



JAKE: Fine, I won't.



CHERYL: (While dancing) Don't say that word. 



JAKE: I'm not. I stopped.  



CHERYL: Don't say that word.  



JAKE: Don't make it a dance, I'm not gonna say it.  



CHERYL: Don't say that word.  



JAKE: I didn't say it. 



CHERYL: Ok, we're getting into a lot of he said she said bullshit, I'm not very happy about it. Here's what I need. I need another shot of tequi-qui and I need a revenge fuck. ASAP



JAKE: Why do you need a revenge fuck? You cheated on your fiance.



Cheryl throws her drink in Jake's face



JAKE: Weak dude!



CHERYL: That's for making Amir feel like a real douchebag about that whole Olympics thing.  



JAKE: You told her about the Olympics thing?



AMIR: I tell her everything. Cheryl's my oldest chica.



CHERYL: I'm fifty!



JAKE: I-I'm still in awe of that fact. 



CHERYL: Get over it. I'm here, I'm old, and I'm Stan.



JAKE: You don't look that old. You're what?



AMIR: Ok, I know what we're doing tonight.  



CHERYL: What are we doing tonight.



AMIR: I'm picking you up and we are having a fuck Todd night. You know why, because-



AMIR and CHERYL: Fuck Todd!



CHERYL: Lets pick up a fucking brick or a cinderblock and just throw it into his parent's property or some shit. Lets fucking wreak some real damage.  



AMIR: Let's do it. I hate his fuckin' mom. 



JAKE: You know what, I don't wanna interject here but Cheryl it sounds like you're in the wrong.  



CHERYL: You could have had this. 



JAKE: I'm sorry, I had a shot at that?



AMIR: That's right. You coulda been Cheryl's revenge fudge but you had to go off and defend queen pussy Todd.



CHERYL: Ya yea.



JAKE: Ok this is ridiculous. You know what, Todd's a bitch. He is, he's a real bitch. Everything that you've been saying just, I can't even believe he did it, that all that stuff.  



Cheryl wipes a tear from her eye.



CHERYL: You really believe that?



JAKE: I really do. You know what else I believe?



CHERYL: What do you believe?



JAKE: He's Dr. Seuss, and I'm Shel Silverstein.  



AMIR: Seems pretty equal. 



CHERYL: They're not that different.



JAKE: Equal? What are you talking about? You think Green Eggs and Ham is better than the freaking Giving Tree?



AMIR: I'm saying they're both kid's authors.



JAKE: Oh well I'm saying it's not a freaking contest. Babe Ruth and Joe DiMaggio were both baseball players.



AMIR: Both great, yea very similar baseball players. 



CHERYL: I don't know...



JAKE: Yea but which one's bett- you know what that was a weird comparison.  



CHERYL: Let's do it, let's do this revenge fudge.  I'm just gonna grab my ummm..



Cheryl's phone rings. Amir gasps.



CHERYL: Todd's calling.



JAKE: Hey you know what don't answer it. Lets me and you, we'll go to a bar or something, we'll get a drink, we'll pop thes-



CHERYL: Shut up pussy.  



AMIR: Pick it up, pick it up. Be strong. Remember, just be the bigger person, you're the mature one in this situation.  



Cheryl answers the phone. Cheryl is silent but then starts moaning. 



AMIR: Oh yea, I'm having an affair.



Cheryl continues. 



AMIR: Oh yea I'm cheating on you.  Uh, I'm cheating on you. 



Cheryl starts making even more noises. 



AMIR: Ugh, yea get liquid. Ugh, yea get liquid. Uhh pick up that. Pick that up.



CHERYL: My face. 



AMIR: Pick that up.



CHERYL: My face.



AMIR: Pick that up.



CHERYL: My pussy. 



Both Amir and Cheryl start moaning.



JAKE: Have either of you had sex before?



AMIR: Uhh, Despicable Meeeeeeee!



CHERYL: Unh, unh, unh, unh, unh, unh, unh, sex!



Cheryl hangs up the phone.  



JAKE: This isn't gonna happen right.



CHERYL: No. I'm insane.  (smiles)



EPISODE LINK

													

														Opening Sequence



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: Start over, I wasn't paying attention.



Jake: That's fine.



Amir: It's not!



Episode



(Jake knocks, and Emily opens it wearing nothing but a towel)



Jake: Hi! Yikes.



Emily: Jake!



Jake: I'm not looking.



Emily: Let me make myself more comfortable.



(Emily takes off the towel)



Emily: Oops.



(Emily winks at Jake)



Jake: There's no need to wink, that was insanely forward.



Murph: Hurwitz, quit looking at my girl's pussy and come spot me!



Jake: I wasn't looking at her pussy, man!



Emily: You can. You should.



(Jake goes to Murph, who is working out, nude)



Jake: Hey man, am I really early?



Murph: What did you bring?



Jake: Wine.



Murph: Och is that a red?



Jake: It is, yeah.



Murph: Dude I told you we're serving branzino, that's not gonna pair well.



Jake: Sorry. You want me to run back to Trader Joe's?



(Murph laughs hysterically)



Murph: Oh my god you're serious. Amir! Start chilling some greige!



(Amir walks in carrying two wine bottles)



Amir: Yeah.



Jake: Wow.



Amir: 95 Ritratti or 92 Stirling?



Murph: Lemme score a sniff? (Sniffs each bottle) Let's go with the Ritratti. Jake what do you think?



Jake: Uh, yeah I guess



(Murph and Amir burst into laughter)



Jake: Stop it. (To Amir) What are you even doing here?



Amir: I'm Murph's butler!



Jake: Since when?



Amir: Since I've never not been Murph's butler. My dad was his dad's butler and they had a suicide pact and at the last second my dad 

chickened out and frikkin moved! Yeah! Ever since then I've been paying off his life debt. Throwing this on ice.



Jake: Is this still a date? That's still happening, right? This was all supposed to be a double date.



Murph: Yes, her name's Neko and she's got swag for days bro.



Emily: She's so funny. (Whispering) She's Asian!



Jake: Put clothes on! Why are both of you still naked?



Murph: Relax, alright? I can shit shower and shave in thirty seconds flat. I'll be back here in a tucked in express button up before 

you even know what's up. (Doorbell rings) Neko the devil! God hates swag and she's here to meet her maker!



Jake: What?



Murph: Get the door, dumbass.



Jake: How do I look?



Emily: Really handsome. I would eat your asshole.



Jake: All I heard was handsome, okay?



(Jake opens the door for Neko)



Jake: Hey! You must be Neko. I'm Jake. Um... I just met you, (holds up a can of gravy) and this is gravy!



(Neko ignores him)



Jake: (Partially subvocalizing) Fuck! What are you doing?!



(Neko sits on a couch next to Emily)



Emily: Oh my god, you are so Asian. Okay, be honest. Are these real? (Emily feels Neko's tits) Oh my god, you're a fucking liar if you 

say they're real. I feel like I'm in the fucking Silicon Valley, you fucking bitch. I love your tits.



Jake: (Still talking to himself by the door) You went to a bodega and got gravy, for this. You're the weakest link.



Emily: They're the same fucking size, are you fucking kidding me? These are fucking fake tits! These are the fakest tits I've ever 

felt! God, they feel good. I'm gonna make Murph buy me these.



(Jake is back in the room where Murph was working out, and Murph runs in half-dressed with blood on his hand)



Murph: Time! Time! What's my time?



Jake: Yeah man it was really quick, but you obviously didn't finish showering. Can't imagine you shit.



Murph: I shit in the shower and I tried to smoosh it down the drain. Got everywhere.



Jake: You call this getting ready?



Murph: As ready as I'll ever be.



(Murph holds up a wedding ring)



Jake: Holy shit dude, you're proposing! This is insane! Wash your hand! When are you gonna do it?!



Murph: Tonight!



Jake: After we leave?



Murph: During you're here!



Jake: What?



Murph: I mean I want it to be intimate, so I figure, what's more intimate than a double date?



Jake: Single date.



Murph: Hah. How about this, if you try to leave, I'll kick you in the back!



Jake: Easy does it. Easy does it.



Amir: (Carrying a tray of sliders) Alright, appetizer time! We're talking pulled pork sliders with a honey dijon glaze.



Jake: Red wine coulda worked with that, right?



Murph: Yo, you ever taken a picture of your dick next to a slider and told the girl it was a full on burger?



Amir: Yeah.



Emily: Yes.



Jake: What?



Murph: (Handing Jake his phone) Check it.



Jake: Yikes man, a lot smaller than the slider.



Murph: Hah, it's like a... pff... wrong picture so it's like that's a triple quarter pounder or er... I'm gonna kick you in the back!

													

														INTRO



MURPH: You're watching Jake and Amir.



EMILY: Mmm, that was so hot, babe.



JAKE: You guys can't hook up in the booth.



AMIR: They are!







[Jake, Neko, Murph, and Emily are seated at the table. Amir finishes distributing the meals.]



AMIR: Welcome, hello, bruchim habaim, and bon giorno, to a culinary experience from all around; our globe... Carpe diem! Seize the fish. Heh! No, tonight we're having carp.



MURPH: Nice.



AMIR: [imitating a record scratching] Wrickee wrickee-- scratch that. We are having branzino.



EMILY: Neko's a vegan. She BBM'd me.



AMIR: Okay, um... uh, she can have the... bed of arugula-- like, I don't know what to do at this point; I'm sorry.



MURPH: It's okay, but-- hey, Jake, uh, if your date had dietary restrictions, you really should have emailed us ahead of time. That would've been polite.



JAKE: I--... just met her, so I wouldn't know anything about her dietary restrictions, right?



MURPH: Well, you just threw him a curveball that he can't hit, and I kind of need tonight to go perfectlyyyyyyyyyy...



[Murph holds his hands up, his right between Emily and his left, so only Jake can see the ring he's already wearing.]



JAKE: [whispering] Okay, I saw it, put it away...



[Murph holds his right hand closer to Emily, she kisses his palm, and he lowers his hands again.]



JAKE: [whispering] Good save.



AMIR: Uh... it's fine. It's fine. Neko, um, do you eat beef? Or, do you not, because you're a fucking vegan now, all of a sudden-- I can't-- I'm sorry.



[Amir walks off. Murph gets up to follow him, and shoots Jake a look of disappointment.]



JAKE: That's not on me, right? ...Buddy? Okay.



[Murph goes to talk to Amir just outside the dining room. Amir is chugging a glass of pinot grigio.]



MURPH: Hey, c'mon, c'mon. Easy on the grig', easy on the grig'.



AMIR: [ranting rapidly, barely retaining any semblance of composure] I just can't believe she fucking did that to me like that. And in the middle of a fucking meal? What kind of timing is that?



MURPH: I know. It's Jake's fault. It's Jake's fault. He raw-dogged us, he did-- you're blinking a lot--



AMIR: Yeah, he raw-dogged me, h-- I feel like he bent me over a table and dogged me raw or something. He raw-dogged me! Yeah.



MURPH: That's exactly what he did. He just took us and he just fuckin' took his dry-ass little dick and he just shoved it in our raw buttholes.



AMIR: Yeah, and he did it raw! That's the worst part. I feel like if he lubed me up-- okay, fine. That's one thing. Whatever. Moist: it slides right in-- Yeah! Just spit. [makes a spitting noise] Slides right in, slides right out; it doesn't hurt that much. But for him-- for him to raw-dog us like that?



MURPH: [simultaneously] Alright. Right; spit-- just spit on it. That's all I'm asking. Just spit-- just one. Right. That's fine.



JAKE: Hey-- you guys know I can hear you, right? This was not my fault--



MURPH: It was his fault!



AMIR: It was.



MURPH: But you're ready for this, okay? You can handle it.



AMIR: Yeah.



[Murph pats Amir on the shoulder.]



MURPH: Go!



[Back in the dining room, Emily is staring at Jake and sensually licking a piece of fish she's holding with her bare hands.]



JAKE: You know, that's not hot. Your hands probably smell like fish now.



MURPH: [returning to the table with Amir] Whoa ho ho! Nobody touch their dinner until I post this to Pinterest. This is the most pinteresting thing I've seen all week. [he leans over Jake's shoulder] Jake, you're gonna re-pin that, right?



JAKE: I'd have to sign up for an account.



MURPH: Good, so you'll do that?



JAKE: Yeah. You know what? When I go home tonight, I'll sign up for an account.



MURPH: I'd feel much more comfortable if you'd just do it now.



JAKE: [whispering] Not this second, okay?



MURPH: [whispering] Jake, don't fuckin' embarrass me at my house, dude.



[Jake grabs his iPhone.]



JAKE: It's not gonna let me do it from my phone.



MURPH: Here.



[Murph procures a green iPad from somewhere, and hands it to Jake.]



JAKE: This is insane, that you're making me do this.



MURPH: Don't talk to me.



JAKE: Okay. I'm on Pinterest. Here, just re-pinned it.



EMILY: Babe, make sure that he pins some other stuff. Otherwise it'll look like a dummy account.



MURPH: She's right... Fuck it, let's browse!



JAKE: Fuck what? Dinner? The date?



EMILY: Babe, make sure that he shows his feminine side but also his masculine pride.



MURPH: Ya gots to! Yo, that kale smoothie looks dope.



JAKE: Are we still on a date? Is this even still a date? Because I'd feel like I was missing out if Neko had said anything to me, ever! Neko! ...Neko! Come on.



AMIR: All right! So, this is a most interesting little dish; it's sort of a palate-cleanser in terms that it's a spinach hazelnut salad with onions, olives, and a citrus balsamic vinaigrette.



[As Amir describes the salad, Emily smiles slyly and runs her foot up Jake's leg under the table. Jake shakes his head, but Emily nods back. Jake points at Murph, who's still standing over his shoulder, and mouths He's your boyfriend, then pushes her foot back down away from him.]



AMIR: I know what you're thinking: Salad in between the meals? Well, we sort of had a... special little customer who needed a special little salad, so here we are.



EMILY: Neko's allergic to nuts. [kicks Jake under the table]



AMIR: Is she! Okay, Neko, how 'bout this? How 'bout you [Amir begins furiously dismantling the salad with his hands, throwing hazelnuts onto the floor] eat, around, the, nuts? How 'bout that, Neko? Huh? ...Sorry, it--



MURPH: Hey hey, focus up, I need your feedback on this pin: pink aztec dress, or cupcake kebabs? I can't pin 'em both.



JAKE: Why not?



MURPH: You don't get a say! You don't get a say.



JAKE: This is my account! These are my pins!



[Emily uses her feet to rip Jake's shirt off and drag it under the table.]



JAKE: 'Ey-- Weak!



MURPH: Oh, ho ho! I didn't realize we were poppin' shirts; I was gonna wait until after the gelato, but... you only YOLO once!



[Murph begins undressing.]



JAKE: We're not popping shirts, and that's not the phrase.



EMILY: [also disrobing] Let's play spin the bottle.



[Amir, having taken off his tux, begins pouring out a nearly-full bottle of wine onto the floor.]



AMIR: Hey, I got the bottle!



JAKE: Hey, I brought that.



AMIR: I'm doin' you a favor, bro!



[Everybody laughs but Jake.]



MURPH: Ha ha ha! Nice! Pour it out!







To Be Continued...

													

														INTRO



EMILY: You're watching a really hot Jack and Amos.



JAKE: Jake and Amir.



MURPH: It was perfect!







[Jake, Murph, Emily and Neko sit around a small table. Murph spins the empty wine bottle, and it points to Emily.]



MURPH: Call me Sonny Bono-- not because I died in a horrific ski accident-- but because... [singing] I got you, babe!



JAKE: Wow. ...Mean joke.



[Murph and Emily make out for a very long time. Emily stares at Jake the whole time. So does Murph. Jake looks freaked out.]



EMILY: Mmmm, mmmm-- oh, that was a good one. Add it to our kiss Twitter, babe.



MURPH: Yeah! Hashtag open mouth, hashtag amazing, hashtag she was lookin' at Jake the whole time...



EMILY: My turn!



[Emily grabs the bottle, forcefully turns it toward Jake, and pokes him with it.]



JAKE: ...I'm down for a peck, but, uh... only if it's cool with Neko!



[Jake and Emily lean over the table toward each other. Emily grabs Jake's face and holds him there as she makes out with him.]



EMILY: [muffled by Jake's face] God, that feels right...



[Murph stares at them. Eventually Jake breaks free.]



JAKE: Get off me, you wench! Neko, you just witnessed an assault.



MURPH: It's your turn, Jake. Spin the bottle.



JAKE: I'm a hundred percent down to not play--



MURPH: Spin the bottle, Jake.



[Jake spins. It stops, pointing at Murph.]



JAKE: Weak. ...Okay. That's um... That's a re-spin, right, Neko? That's a re-spin.



[Jake goes to spin again, but Murph stops him.]



MURPH: I don't like it any more than you do, Jake, but we need to kiss passionately.



JAKE: ...Why?



MURPH: [whispering] Because those are the rules. And they were pretty convenient when you were tonguing my soulmate, AKA my future wife!



[Murph holds up his hand out of Emily's view again, showing Jake the ring.]



JAKE: [whispering] Dude, take that off. Take it off.



MURPH: Kiss me, Jake.



JAKE: Fine. One, two, three.



[Jake and Murph lean in and quickly kiss each other.]



JAKE: There, dude. Are you satisfie--



[Murph grabs Jake by the head and pulls him in again, trying to french-kiss him.]



JAKE: Oh! Neko... Neko, help me!



MURPH: I'm frenching you 'cuz you frenched her!



JAKE: Stop it, dude! Make him stop it... What're you--



MURPH: Do you want it to stop?



JAKE: Dude, I want everything to stop!



[Jake pulls away.]



JAKE: What the fuck was that?



[Murph just shakes his head.]



JAKE: Outside. On the balcony, right now.



[Jake leaves.]



MURPH: Babe, I'm gonna go talk to Jake on the balcony.



EMILY: Okay.



MURPH: Bye.



[Murph kisses Emily, then leaves. Amir returns with dessert.]



AMIR: Ladies and gentlemen, dessert is served! Lemon sorbet with a chocolate mousse.



EMILY: Cold food hurts Neko's teeth.



AMIR: Of fucking course.



[Jake and Murph talk on the balcony.]



JAKE: Look, man, Emily is not the right girl. Alright? I don't know if Emily is into me, or if she's just... generally insane, but... I-- I just-- I just-- I don't think you can propose to her. Okay?



MURPH: ...Yeah, man.



JAKE: [calming down] I-- I mean, this night has been... insane!



MURPH: It's-- It's been crazy...



JAKE: Right?



MURPH: It's nuts.



JAKE: I think we're gonna be better friends for it, though. I really do.



[Jake and Murph shake. Suddenly, Murph slips his arm under Jake's center of gravity, hoists him up onto his shoulders, and moves toward the edge of the balcony.]



JAKE: Whoa, dude! No!







To Be Continued...

													

														INTRO



EMILY: Hey, you're watching Murph and Emily!



JAKE: No they're not.



MURPH: Yes they are!



AMIR: Aaaaaaah, he's hurting my back!







[The episode begins with the end of the previous one.]



JAKE: I-- I mean, this night has been... insane!



MURPH: It's-- It's been crazy...



JAKE: Right?



MURPH: It's nuts.



JAKE: I think we're gonna be better friends for it, though. I really do.



[Jake and Murph shake. Suddenly, Murph slips his arm under Jake's center of gravity, hoists him up onto his shoulders, and moves toward the edge of the balcony.]



JAKE: Whoa, dude! No! No. No! Stop it!



[Jake pushes against the rail to hold himself back, and Murph drops him back onto the balcony.]



JAKE: ...What the fuck was that?



MURPH: I browned out!



JAKE: That was illegal!



MURPH: I browned out, man!



JAKE: That was illegal, man!



MURPH: I was following my heart!



JAKE: What do you mean, following your heart?



MURPH: I'm so-- I d--



JAKE: You tried to kill me!



MURPH: Okay--



JAKE: If I didn't wiggle out of that, man, I'd be dead right now.



MURPH: Okay, that was wack of me.



JAKE: Wack? What're you talkin' about, wack?



MURPH: Okay, it was-- it was--



JAKE: Murder.



MURPH: It was eight stories. Eight stories.



JAKE: Exactly! That's death-height! That's a death, dude!



AMIR: Pussy.



JAKE: ...What?



[Amir is also standing on the balcony, smoking a joint.]



AMIR: I said: You're a pussy.



JAKE: You've been standing there the entire time? Why didn't you try to stop him?



AMIR: I'm smoking a J.



[Jake breaks down into tears.]



JAKE: [sobbing] Dude... Man, he tried to kill me...



MURPH: [also crying] I didn't mean to!



JAKE: [crying] What're you talkin' about, you didn't mean to?



AMIR: [crying] If you guys start crying, then I'm gonna frickin' cry, too; I'm gonna beef...



MURPH: [crying] You kissed-- you kissed my girlfriend...



JAKE: [crying] I kissed her, man... but I was drunk on the grig'...



MURPH: [crying] It was the grig', man, it was the grig'..



AMIR: [crying] You had a lotta grig'...



JAKE: [crying] Aw, too much grig'...



AMIR: [crying] It was some primo grig'; it was a '95 Ritratti...



MURPH: [crying] It was a friggin' Ritratti, yeah, it was a Ritratti...



JAKE: [sobbing] Ritratti...



AMIR: [crying] Yeah... yeah, it was a Ritratti, it's an aphrodisiac...



[Suddenly all the crying stops.]



MURPH: Jake, you gotta propose to Neko.



JAKE: ...What?



MURPH: I need you out of the game, man. You need to Jake one for the team.



AMIR: You do, man. Bros propose before hos; I've always said that.



JAKE: Look, you guys: I'm out of the game, okay? Trust me.



MURPH: Look, man, it's my way or the balcon-ay!



JAKE: Okay, hey-- Hey. Okay, I'll do it. I'll propose to Neko... It's not like she's gonna say yes.



[Cut to Neko, hearing Jake's proposal.]



NEKO: Yes!



JAKE: ...What?



NEKO: [ecstatic] Yes!



JAKE: ...No!



[Neko and Emily jump up and down excitedly, and hug each other.]



EMILY: Oh my God oh my God oh my God! Oh, I'm so happy for you!



JAKE: Emily, you're okay with this?



MURPH: Are you okay... with this?



[Murph presents a ring to Emily.]



EMILY: Oh my God...



JAKE: How many rings do you have?



MURPH: Emily Wayne Dolphin... I want to-- luh-luh-luh-lick you-- for the rest of my life.



JAKE: Bad.



EMILY: You better, you piece of shit!



[Emily runs into Murph's arms.]



EMILY: Yes!



JAKE: What is happening? How is this real?



AMIR: Double wedding!



[Amir uncorks a bottle. The cork hits Jake in the eye.]



JAKE: Ow-- Ow, my eye... I'm blind, man! I'm blind and I'm engaged!



NEKO: That's my fiance, you clumsy bitch!



AMIR: Yeah, well you haven't eaten shit all night, so bring it!



[Neko puts Amir in a headlock and holds him to the railing.]



AMIR: Okay. Okay, I'm high! I'm high! Let go of me, I'm high! Jake, I'm stoned!







[Jake and Neko spend a romantic night under the fireworks, making out and both texting on one phone.]







END

													

														Opening Sequence



Jake: You're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: I'm so mad I can punch you right now.



Jake: Don't. Ow!







Episode



(Amir repeatedly waves at Jake)



Jake: I already acknowledged you.



Amir: Evenin'.



Jake: Morning.



Amir: Bad to see you.



Jake: You too.



Amir: No, shut up. Er... Keep talking.



Jake: What are you doing?



Amir: Today is not Opposite Day. Or it's not not...



Jake: Oh my god. Are you kidding me? Are you serious right now? You're an adult! You're a grown-up and a you're doing this.



Amir: Thank you! Er, you're welsoryou're welcnosorry!



Jake: This is some really elementary school level shit, buddy.



Amir: Yeah that means it's high school level shit, not buddy.



Jake: Still be pretty immature then, right? Since you're almost 30?



Amir: I don't not appreciate, or the opposite of appreciate that so



Jake: Your nose is bleeding.



Amir: Oh, dammit. Er, fine, good. Frig it! I'm overthinking it!



Jake: Okay, well you know what, if thinking of opposites makes your nose bleed, I'd advise you not to partake in Opposite Day.



Amir: No! Er, yes!



Jake: Or at least go back to school. Try to make yourself smart.



Amir: Okay, you know what? For the rest of the day, I'm not going to ignore you.



Jake: Fine. I'm just gonna leave you with one final thought: I have a vagina, you have a penis.



Amir: No, today we are both having a vagina.



Jake: Nah, sorry man. Today, I have a tiny little vagina, and you have a big ol' penis.



Amir: I have a pussy! I have a tight little pussy! (Jake films Amir) And, I'm a nerd! And, we're not friends!



Jake: Great, I got that all on camera.



Amir: Delete that video you fucking dickwad.



Jake: So it's not Opposite Day anymore.



Amir: Opposite Day just took a big old timeout when I became concerned about what you're gonna be doing with that footage of me saying 

some pretty compromising shit! Namely, that I have a pussy, that I'm a nerd, and that we aren't friends!



Jake: That was everything you said.



Amir: No. Yes. What?



Jake: Right. So definitely I am posting that video online. That's why I took it.



Amir: At least say that it's Opposite Day



Jake: No.



Amir: in the caption!



Jake: No!



Amir: Good. Fine. Everybody please listen up. Despite what video on the internet you may or may not have seen yet, I am not a nerd and 

I do have a pussy.



Jake: Wow.



Amir: Don't have a pussy. Keep taping. Keep taping! I don't have a pussy!



Jake: I'm not taping anything.



Amir: You know what, here. Here it is. (Stands on the desk and pulls down his shorts) My glorious hog in all of its glory. That's 

right. Does this look like a tight small pussy to you? I don't frikking think so!



(Paul comes in)



Paul: Amir! Amir Amir Amir. What are you doing?! This is work! You're fired.



Amir: Yeah, well, the joke's on you, sir, because today is Opposite Day, so you just told me I'm hired.



Paul: Dammit he's right! Carry on gentleman.



Jake: Are you kidding me?!

													

														[Introduction]



Amir: You're watching Jake and Amir, but I bet you're just looking at Jake! 



Jake: Wow, low self esteem. 



Amir: Yeah!



[Jake is sitting at his desk. Amir enters, sits at his desk, clears his throat and unrolls a scroll]



Jake: Not another scroll dude 



Amir: Top 10 first date ideas: by Jacob-



Jake: No!



Amir: Penn Cooper-



Jake: No!



Amir: Hurwitz



Jake: No! Use your own name!



Amir: Number 10 



Jake: You sick fuck! Use you own name!



Amir: Where and when. Let it be her call, it is 2011 after all



Jake: It's actually 2012 and right off the bat first up on your top 10 date ideas is sort of a cop out so you don't have to choose one 



Amir: Number 9: feeling wine! laughs



Jake: Not that good of a joke 



Amir: Take her to a wine bar; and not a place that's close, go real far; and not in a plane, drive in a car. That's right, go to wine country - Napa Valley, California together. 



Jake: Great! 



[While Jake is talking, Amir plays peekaboo behind the scroll]



Jake: So on your first date you want to take a cross-country drive with a stranger and then spend several days in wine country with them? That's like a nine day excursion buddy- 



[Amir still peeks from behind the scroll, this time wearing sunglasses]



Jake: Stop doing that!



Amir: Number 8: Take your mother on a date. The first chick you were inside of and you didn't even call her. Now that's baller. 



Jake: That's disgusting 



Amir: Lucky number sleven: change your name to Kevin! 



Jake: Weird. Not a date



Amir: Meet her in heaven. That's right a Romeo and Juliet group suicide so you could spend all of eternity together. 



Jake: Why do you write everything on these scrolls? Like these ancient treasure maps you seem to have? 



Amir: Six: stands for chicks. That's right, it's the year 2000, so wherever she wants to go you make it happen, Cap'n. 



Jake: That is the second time you've: 1) gotten the year wrong, and 2) avoided choosing a date spot 



Amir: High five: smoke a bowl and roll. Wake and bake and make her make you a steak. You're ingesting weed and ecstasy, and guess what day it is... X-mas eve.



Jake: Have you done that before? 



Amir: Yes! Number 4 is a city so nice they named it Rice. Rice, Texas. 



Jake: Another road trip?



Amir: You actually fly in through Dallas! It's a hub!



Jake: Fine.



Amir: Number 3: will you marry me? 



Jake: Too much, too fast, way too soon! 



Amir: I don't need an answer tonight, but I do need a promise in writing that you'll love me forever. 



Jake: That's more than an answer. That's a contract. 



Amir: All marriages are arranged, if you include destiny. 



Jake: I don't 



Amir: Number 2: Darlin' it's always been you. Please say I do, I have a rabbi a priest and a mosque on standby. 



Jake: That last one is not a person. By the way, these are all still first date suggestions, right? 



Amir: Honestly, I'm just trying to get laid. 



Jake: Bad way 



Amir: Number 1: you are the one 



Jake: Okay 



Amir: I'm down on one knee and this is my plea. You are the prettiest girl that I ever did see. So you ask that Lady: Will you marry me?



[Both stay silent as Amir rolls up the scroll]



Amir: Well?



Jake: Well what?



Amir: Well, thoughts on the list? 



Jake: Why do you do this? Why do you stay up at night in your apartment making these weird lists? And you know what, even if you get some kind of perverse pleasure out of writing the lists, why bring them to work, and read them to me, when I don't like it? 



Amir: Great, so a simple yes or no would have sufficed. 



Jake: It actually wouldn't have sufficed, because you said: Thought's on the list? That's not a yes or no question



Amir: And? What are your thoughts on the list? 



Jake: It's a bad list. It's a bad list and you're a bad person. 



Amir: Wow! That was scoff unexpected... I honestly thought you loved it.

													

														Collegehumor.com subtitle: Once you get to know me, I'm a bad guy.



INTRO



Jake: Hey you're watching Jake and Amir!



Amir: Or are they?



Jake: They are.



Amir: Alrighty.







(Jake, Streeter, Julie, Michael, and several unnamed characters are sitting around a table. Paul is standing up, talking to them. Amir is standing and wearing a denim vest.)



Paul: Hey everybody, thanks for coming today. Uh, the reason I wanted to have this all-hands meeting is because that there are a lot of new faces at the company, and I thought this would be a good chance to get to know each other. So why don't we go around the room, everybody say your name, what you do, and maaaybe a fun fact about yourself. I'll start. I'm Paul, I'm the CEO, and my favorite movie is Con Air.



(Everybody sitting at the table nods in recognition. Amir starts laughing in a forced tone.)



Amir: Heh heh heh. NOT. Bad movie, (Amir pumps his vest) bad you.



Jake: Bad vest.



Amir: Nooo, it's jeans.



Paul: Anyway, Julie do you want to go?



Julie: Um, my name is Julie--



(Amir holds his palms up, as if to defend himself)



Amir: Woah, hotty! (snort)



Julie: I'm an intern, I'm 17--



Amir: Owch.



Julie: Um, I'm on--



Amir: Your period, we know.



Julie: A special high school mentor-ship.



(Jake holds his face in his hands)



Julie: I'm actually 16, I- I lied to seem older but I'd prefer if everyone knew my real age.



(Amir nods repetitively)



Amir: 17 is fine Julie, she's 17.



Jake: You know what buddy, 17 wasn't fine.



Michael: Hi guys, uh, I'm Michael Fink. (looks over at Amir)



Amir: Holy shit a star is born! Everybody Shia Labeouf is in the house, and he's ready to take the floor.



Michael: (still introducing himself) Uh, I'm an intern--



Amir: You're a God! You're an A-list God!



Michael: And I once ate an entire pint of Ben  Jerry's Phish Food.



Amir: You once made out with Megan Fox's box on the set of Transformers the first, you humble bitch. Brag a little! You've earned it! (Chuckling, then whisper) Shia-it.



Streeter: Hey everyone, I'm Streeter Seidell--



Amir: You mean Streeter Pie-Fell, as in a Pie Fell, in your mouth, and you pretty much... loved it. (Chuckling)



Streeter: Yeah right, exactly. Uh, I'm the editor in chief here--



Amir: Editor in cheese? (snort) You wish you were in cheese.



Streeter: (Below his breath at Amir) Alright, c'mon. (Back to introduction) And uh, my favorite food--



Amir: Is everything.



Streeter: Alright I walked right into that one.



(Amir nods)



Jake: Uh, I'm Jake--



Amir: This man needs no introduction, and if you don't know who he is (points to the door) get the fuck out.



(The person sitting next to Jake stands up and walks out)



Jake: (Looking at the person walking out). Are you... C'mon.



(Paul walks out of the room, several others follow him.)



Jake: I'm a writer here--



Amir: You're more than that. You're a generous man, you're a kind soul, and you're engaged. A family man, everyone.



Jake: Paul just said to say what we do with the company.



Amir: Yeah, Paul also said that his favorite movie was Con Air but nobody called him out on that!



Jake: You did! Where did you get that vest?



Amir: Allow me to give Jake's interesting fact, we're in love.



Jake: I won a spelling bee in forth grade.



Amir: And you deserve to win it in fifth.



Jake: That doesn't make any sense.



Amir: Alright, my turn.



Jake: It's actually not.



Amir: My name is Amir Valerie Blumenfeld, I am an unpaid consultant for this company, I once killed an innocent child, and I love mini-golf. (Mimes putting the ball) It was not on purpose, but it's something that I live with, every day. (Winks)



Streeter: Okay, what?



Amir: That's right! I once shot 3 holes in one in a row it wasn't an accident either, the killing.



Julie: You monster.



Amir: I am a monster. On the golf course I take no prisoners. Also I will never un-see that child's face. Every blink is a reminder and every time my eyes aren't open she's just in my minds eye, taunting me. (Makes a scary face). Bleh.



Michael: How could you do that?



Amir: How could you do that? Crystal Skull? We saw that, it was garbage! I killed a child? (Amir starts crawling to where Michael is sitting across the table). Yeah, well you killed a franchise!



(Streeter grabs Amir by his vest and pushes him against the table)



Streeter: Hey! Hands off the beef!



Amir: Don't eat my vest. Don't eat my vest. I'm serious man do not eat my friggin vest.

													

														(Intro)



Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: Oh hell naw.



Jake: Don't say anything.



Amir: (Sassily) Sorry.



Jake is sitting at his desk



Milk Man: (In the distance, singing) Oh hail to the milk man, the milk man, the milk man, okay, hail to the milk man, the milk man is me. I take milk from cows and I give it to men (pushes Rosie down as he walks up to Jake's desk, Ben Schwartz is dressed as a milk man and carrying several jugs of milk)



Jake: No, no, nononono, no!



Milk Man: I'm sorry son, are you afraid of milk, should I hide the milk?



Jake: Look, listen up everybody, this is the guy that sucked my dick.



Milk Man: Listen up everybody, someone's got to slow their roll, okay, I don't know what you're talking about!



Jake: Okay, Amir held me down...



Milk Man: Sure.



Jake: And you blew me.



Milk Man: Ooh, sounds fun, but it wasn't me.



Jake: What are you even doing here man? Milk men don't exist anymore!



Milk Man: How dare you? Remember the milk man, the paper boy, the evening TV?



Jake: Yeah that song's about how they don't exist anymore.



Milk Man: What song? I haven't heard a song in my life. Did the man that sucked your penis have a beard?



Jake: He had a weird goatee type thing.



Milk Man: Ah Jake, friend...



Jake: You know my name?



Milk Man: I have a beard! Is that your name? Was he a milk man?



Jake: He's had a series of different occupations.



Milk Man: Ah, sorry sir, I have been a milk man my entire life. I bring milk to man, much like how a mail man brings mail to milk to man!



Jake: You know what? Tell me this. What's your name? The guy that sucked my dick was terrible at coming up with names on the spot.



Milk Man: We're totally different people.



Jake: Okay what is it?



Milk Man: My name is Ca... Charles. (Looks at Jake in a proud, surprised way) You hear that??



Jake: You look pretty proud of yourself.



Milk Man: And my last name is Croooshtoost.



Jake: It's definitely you.



Milk Man: Do you want some milk? It's very heavy!



Jake: (Looks at milk) All of your milk is expired!



Milk Man: Do you want some cottage cheese?



Jake: That's not how cottage cheese is made.



Milk Man: (Looks down at milk) Okay.



Jake: Who here is buying expired milk from you?



Amir: (Off screen) Ooooooh my, my, my stomach. (Lying on floor) Milk Man please! A tall glass of your least expired milk!



Milk Man: Absolutely, I have July 13th.



Jake: Pretty expired.



Amir: That's good.



Milk Man: 1991.



Amir: Mmm, even better.



Milk Man: My friend, I've got to go, I'm so sorry. If you find the man that sucked your penis, tell him nice milk man outfit. I've said too much! (Goes over to Amir) Good, good, good, good, here I come, Milk Man to the rescue. We got that August 13th, open wide, here we go (starts pouring horribly chunky, half solidified milk into Amir's mouth and all over his face) open wide, good man! We're good to go! We're good to go! Milk man, milk man, milk man! And that'll do it, Amir that's the whole bottle. Do you want another?



Amir: I'm okay for now, I think...



Milk Man: You got it friend! (Starts pouring another jug of milk on his face, starts singing) Everybody wants to be okay at the milk man!



Jake: What are you doing? He needs a doctor!



Milk Man: (Pops up, now dressed in scrubs over his milk man outfit) I'm a doctor.



Jake: No you're not!



Milk Man: (Shoves his hand into Jakes face) Jake, there's only one thing that could save this man's life: Do you have any milk?



Jake: Why would I have milk?



Milk Man: (Quietly, distressed) God... Damn it. Where's the milk man when you need him. We're gonna have to do this the old fashioned way. (Taps Jake's balls)



Jake: Ooow, fuck man, my nuts!



To be continued

													

														INTRO Jake - Hey you're watching Jake and Amir



Amir - Wow, look at all these yellow triangles



Jake - Just focus



Amir - Alright. 







Amir screaming on a beanbag



BEN: Alright, alright, alright, alright now ladies!



AMIR: Yeah?



BEN: Say ladies!



AMIR: Yeah?



BEN: Shake it! Shake - shake - shake it! Shake - shake - shake it like a -



JAKE: Polaroid pictu-



BEN: Stop it Jake! Grab onto him. Hold him. Talk to him like you're his mom. 



JAKE: Me and your father aren't proud of you. 



AMIR: MOM?!



JAKE: We're disgusted by you.



AMIR: MOM?!



BEN: Breathe. Breathe Amir. Hash-hash-hooms.



BEN  AMIR: Hash-hash-hooms. Hash-hash-hooms. 



BEN: Alright, we're gonna deliver this baby. We're gonna deliver this baby. 



JAKE: Alright. I'm gonna call 911 then. 



BEN: Push! Push! Amir, you're shitting yourself. 



JAKE: Hi, 911? Yeah I have a dicksucker here in the room with me. 



BEN: Bullshit!



AMIR: That's not fair. 



JAKE: Yes I do! And he's operating on my friend, who has food poisoning. 



BEN: Amir, I got some good news and I got some bad news. 



AMIR: What's the good?



BEN: The good news is you're going to die. 



AMIR: Ohhh! What's the bad?



BEN: The bad news is I don't know what the term good news means. 



AMIR: Oy vey iz mir!



BEN: I'm sorry, ok?



JAKE: it's not that big of a deal, 911 just says we have to induce vomiting. 



BEN: There's only one way to do this. 



AMIR  JAKE: NO! No more milk! 



BEN: No more milk, we got it guys, so don't be silly stupid or dumb! No more milk



JAKE: No more milk. 



BEN: Ok? So shall we just pop it in he... 



AMIR  JAKE: No! 



AMIR: He said no more milk!



BEN: I thought you were doing it to the crowd, to me? To me, the crowd... 



JAKE: Give me the milk!



BEN: Ok guys, if I give you the milk you gotta swear to me not to... 



AMIR: Just give him the milk!



BEN: Ok fine. I know how to do this, induce vomiting, I can do this. But I need your permission, ok?



AMIR: Sure.



BEN: I'm gonna warn you, it's not by the bewks. 



AMIR: By the what?



BEN: Not by the bewks.  



AMIR: It's by the what?



BEN: Not by the bewww-ks. 



AMIR: What is it by?



JAKE: He's trying to say book. 



BEN: Shut up idiot! OK? I'm gonna take this straw, I need to stick it inside your stomach and I need to suck out the badness, and spit it out to the right. Can I do that?



JAKE: Yeah, 911 says that's insane, don't do that. 



AMIR: Let's do it!



BEN: WE ARE CHAMPIONS!



Ben sticks the straw into Amir's stomach. Everyone screams. Ben starts sucking on the straw. 



JAKE: YEAH, 911, HE STABBED HIM! THE COCKSUCKER STABBED MY 

FRIEND AND HE'S SUCKING THE SHIT OUT OF HIS STOMACH!



AMIR: I cannot even begin to describe how weird this feels. 



JAKE: You know what, you're not doing what you said you were going to do which is spit out his fluids. Ok this is insane, they say to just punch you in the stomach. 



BEN: Do it! 



Jake punches Amir in the stomach. A shoe flies out, and Jake catches it. 



JAKE: A shoe? 



AMIR: That actually makes sense... because literally a second before I started complaining of pain, I ate a shoe.   



BEN: I saved the day again. 



JAKE: No you didn't, you didn't do anything except give him expired milk and stab him with a straw. 



BEN: You're welcome. 



JAKE: 911 is the real hero. Hello sir, what is your name? I'd like to thank you personally... Charles what? 



Jake, Amir and Ben look across the room to see Ben sitting in a milkman outfit on the other end of Jake's phone. 



BEN: Charles ken..chew om noms... 



THE END



Episode Link

													

														INTRO- 

Amir: Hi, you're watching Jake and Amir, or as my mom calls it, YOU'LL NEVER AMOUNT TO SHIT!

Jake: Wow.



(Jake walks into the office, only to find a bound and gagged Amir)



Amir: MMMMMPH! MMMMPH!



Jake: Jesus Christ dude, what happened?



Amir: (Singing) I had a bad day, I took-a one down, I sang a sad song just to turn it around...



Jake: Does this have anything to do with the 319 Emails I got when I got off the subway?



Amir: It's kinda hard to be sure, I was too busy being BOUND AND GAGGED FOR THE LAST 20 MINUTES ON ACCOUNT OF ALL THE EMAILS I SENT!



Jake: So it's not that hard to be sure, right? First email from you came 49 minutes ago. Anybody want half a bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich? I tried to finish it but could nay get 'er done. I'm full as a kite and I just might stop to eat you out.



Amir:... EMAIL OF THE FUCKING YEAR.



Jake: Not really. You respond to your email Here ye, here ye, did anybody hear me? This is an amazing deal, get it while she's NOT. Kevin responds I'll eat the sandwich if you shut the fuck up. And you respond to that I'll shut up if literally everybody in the company tells me to... Gangam Style.



Amir: Yeah, exactly, it's a Korean pop song.



Jake: I know.



Amir: And guess what Kevin got in response? A heaping helpful of radio silence.



Jake: 211 emails in 30 seconds, which means a bunch of people told you to shut up twice.



Amir: They didn't have to tell me twice.



Jake: They actually did, because you respond Yeehaw, partners! Didn't realize y'all hated me so much. Owie Zowie. But, not everyone told me to shut up twice, therefore the email thread, unlike Murph's grandmother, lives.



Amir: Low blow? HELL NO!



Jake: Hell yes. I guess people stopped responding to the thread and started talking to you in person, because your next email says, I've had it up to here with people coming by my desk and being mean to me.



Amir: Yeah.



Jake: I don't know why you guys have this mob mentality, but you sheep need to learn how to think individually.



Amir: BAH, BAA! And guess what happened next... my neck was stapled!



Jake: Yep, saw that. Your next email, Who's the coward bitch that stapled my neck? I blinked for a second and I missed you, missed you, now I gotta kissed you. Make yourself known. Rosie responds It was me. and I guess you had to retaliate in some way, because your next email is Who's the prick that threw that brick at my head when I went to hit Rosie? Be a man and fess up to the crime so that I can do the time. Owen Parsons responds It was me. And you reply, 9 minutes later, Who's the loser who tripped me when I went to staple Owen's neck? I tripped and almost hit my head really hard, that would've been a lawsuit for sure.



Amir: WORST. DAY. EVER.



Jake: Yes, I imagine it was, because you sent out another email. (Amir is shown eating his sandwich.) I was just hit with another fucking brick. Are you shitting me with these? That makes 3 bricks on the gay. I don't know where you guys even got these things or the audacity to hurl them at me at such close range-- are you not full anymore?



Amir: Yeah. 



Jake: Why are you still typing these emails?



Amir: I wanted to diffuse the situation!



Jake: You think this is diffusing the situation? Y'all are gonna have to bind and gag me if you want peace and quiet around here. And good luck, because I'm got going quietly. Your last email, sent 30 seconds before I got here, is obviously typed with your face, it's just MMPHUSFISDMPH. And then somehow, in perfect english, Gangam style.



Amir: That's my email signature!}



Josh: Why did you ungag him?!



Jake: C'mon dude, hasn't he suffered enough?



(Amir's neck is stapled.)



Amir: Oh, he got me again! The prick hit me again! Did ya see that, with the stapler?!



(A brick is thrown)



Jake: Ok, they're throwing bricks.



Amir: Get out of here, save yourself, I can take it! (Jake flees, Amir is hit with a brick.) Ooh, hit me square!



END

													

														INTRO



AMIR: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, and you're right, I am a loser.



JAKE: I didn't say that.



AMIR: All right.



EPISODE



AMIR: Oh, yellow, colonel mustard. (chuckles) Yellow, colonel mustard. (laughs) Hello, turtle mushroom.



JAKE: Take off your costume.



AMIR: I'll take that as a condiment.



JAKE: Please don't. I saw you come in here as a pirate.



AMIR: Nyarr! 'Twas a fine costume indeed. However...



JAKE: However, you saw that I was in a mustard costume, panicked, then sprinted out of work. You came back two hours later in this.



AMIR: Coincedence? I think nyarr!



JAKE: I think nyarr as well. Where did you even find that costume on such short notice?



VINCENT: Help! A fucking pirate did this to me!



AMIR: It happened by chance. Happenstance. It happens, Nance!



JAKE: Right, can you please not talk in limericks?



AMIR: Oh, really, that's a limerick? Because last time I checked limericks were an AABBA rhyme scheme.



JAKE: Did you call on a bomb threat to my little brother's school?



AMIR: Exqueese me!



JAKE: Don't say exqueese me.



AMIR: Ex- No, yes, exqueese me.



JAKE: I'm saying, don't say exqueese me anymore, OK?



AMIR: I'm saying exqueese me.



JAKE: Yeah, and I'm saying if you don't understand something I said, say excuse me-



AMIR: Ex-



JAKE: or what.



AMIR: Exqueese me.



JAKE: The other night, his entire dorm was evacuated at one AM because somebody called in a bomb threat, and as he's filing out, he got a text message, from you, that said It's me, it's fine.



AMIR: (snorts) First of all, that's a lie, second of all, I was doing it to triple-check the safety of the school, it's not like your parents were gonna do shit about it.



JAKE: You know what? Don't take matters like that into your own hands.



AMIR: Fine, no more bomb threats, Adolf.



JAKE: Can you take off that costume? OK? I don't want people to think we coordinated this.



AMIR: (snorts) You know, in some weird, fucked up, twisted way, I'd actually be happy if people thought that.



JAKE: I know.



AMIR: No, I'm serious. (snorts) In my messed up mind, like I can delude myself into thinking that you called me in a mustard costume and asked me to wear this.



JAKE: Yeah, I mean, I guess so.



AMIR: Actually, if you want to know the whole truth, I saw a doctor this weekend, a psychotherapist specializing in manic depression and acute schizophrenia, and, uh, he I guess diagnosed me, for lack of a better term, with having these delusions of grandeur and, uh, made it quite abundantly clear to me that, without medication, that you just got punked, bitch! Ha, ha ha, these costumes were a coincidence!



JAKE: Come on, dude! We just turned a corner!



VAMPIRE: Bleh! I vont to suck your blood!



All laugh



VAMPIRE: But, seriously, there's a, uh, bomb threat, and we have to evacuate, like, now.



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														Jake and Amir Hurricane Charity



Jake: Watch this video until the end to find out how you can help!



Amir: No don't do it, it's a trap!



Girl: woah, you order a lot of pad thai!



Jake: Did I give you permission to go into my refrigerator?



Girl: Do you even eat the leftovers?



Enter Amir with a slice of ham in his hand.



Amir: We goin' ham!



Jake: Yeah, why did you bring that?



Amir: This is a charity drop off right, for hurricane sandy?



Jake: Yes.



Amir: So I'm dropping off this piece of ham.



Jake: That piece of ham is an example of a perishable food and I asked you to bring non-perishable food.



Amir: It's the least I can do!



Jake: It's the least amount of food you could bring.



Amir: That's not true, I could've eaten more, brought less.



Jake: You ate some of the ham!?



Amir: What about all these water bottles, are you giving people shit about bringing that?



Jake: No, because people need water! 



Amir: No, because you hate me!



Jake: Oh my god, you're selfish.



Amir: Actually, little known fact, it was water that caused all the damage to begin with.



Jake: That's a well-known fact.



Amir: If you don't accept this ham, I'm going to have no choice but to, to, to throw it away. 



Jake: Great, I don't accept the ham.



Amir: What?! I'm not going to just toss it.



Jake: You're kidding me. You're crying right now?



Amir: I'm crying!



Jake: You're beefing?



Amir: I'm beefing!



Jake: Beefing over the ham?!



Amir: Beefing over the ham!



Jake: Throw it away! It looks expired!



Amir: Yeah well it's a lot younger than you are!



Jake: Right, I was worried it was a week old, not twenty seven years old!



Amir: What am I supposed to do now man? Huh? I'm starting to think that you won't even accept ham!



Jake: Why not just donate online?



Amir: No.



Jake: go to redcross.org (A: No) and you can donate there (A: no, no ,no, no) What?! Why?! (A: No, No!) Why not?! Why won't-



Amir: I already set up a fund okay! I'm good on that front!



Jake: Yeah, I saw the kick-starter you launched! Amir Blumenfeld Foundation (with A) for not giving a shit!



Amir: Yeah!



Jake: What good is that gonna do? 



Amir: For 1000 dollars, I'll lick my own butt!



Jake:  Do you think you answered my question?



Amir: This is a shame of me. Yeah, it really is...



Jake: What does that mean?



Amir: It's a sh..yeah, yeah I'm



Jake: What Amir?



Amir: No.



Jake: Are you ashamed?



Amir: No... I've n...I didn't say that.



Jake: Just like feel negative about-



Amir: Yeah, I just feel like the tables are turning not in my favour...



Jake: That's not really an expression...



Amir: What? The tables are turning? Yes it is..



Jake: No the shame on.. You should have brought spam. The joke would still have worked, it would've been a non-perishable food. 'We goin' spam'.



Amir:  Woah.



Girl: Jake! That's poor taste!



Amir: Bad joke, No. Bad you!



Jake: Okay, I'll tell you what, I'll give you five dollars to leave before you go give it back to me and I'll donate it in your name okay?



Amir: Okay, how about this? I will give you one dollar back, keeping the four as a go fuck yourself fee for making me feel like shit for donating water and ham!



Jake: When did you donate water?



Amir spits in Jake's face



Jake: You piece of shi-



Jake: Hey guys, thank you very much for watching our video. I know we made a lot of jokes but you can actually help by going to redcross.org - don't touch me. - donate online or if you live in the tri-state area, you can donate your canned goods, water and batteries.



Amir: Now, I know what you're thinking, why donate? Good question, you don't have to. 



Jake: Nobody's thinking that! You piece of shit!



Amir:  Well I'm just saying, show both sides of the argument!



Jake: Oh My God!

													

														JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



AMIR: (singing) That don't impress me much.



JAKE: Shut up.







(Vince, Kelly, Amir, Jake are sitting on a couch with snacks and drinks in front of them on a table.  They're sitting in that order:  V K A J)



AMIR: Alright, before we get started, can we just agree not to scream or yell to much.  I want this to be a footmall match, not a scream fest.



JAKE: We're started, it's in the 2nd quarter.



AMIR: NOOOOO!!!  OH, I MADE CHEETOS FOR THIS!







JAKE: There it is, there it is.



JAKE  KELLY  VINCE: TOUCHDOWN!



VINCE: No, his feet weren't down.



JAKE: Yes, they were.



AMIR: What, do you have a foot fetish, man? Heh heh. (to Kelly) I do.







(Kelly and Vince have switched spots.  The order is now: K V A J)



AMIR: Wait a minute, there are bones in this nugget!  There are HUMAN bones in this nugget.



JAKE: It's a wing.



AMIR: Nice try!  Humans don't have wings.  That is a ring finger if I've ever seen one.  It's a freaking phalange or something.  I took AP Bio.



KELLY: (about the game) I'm gonna pause this...wait!  You took AP Bio?:



AMIR: Wow, NOW you wanna know more about me.







AMIR: I cannot believe I ate people.  Kelly, great news, you're now dating a cannibal.



KELLY: We're not dating, Amir!



JAKE: Dude, it's a buffalo wing.  Relax.  Eat around the bone.



AMIR: Chickens don't have bones.  They have nuggets and beaks, Einstein!  (slaps Jake on the forehead)



JAKE: Do NOT hit me in the forehead again.



AMIR: Sorry about that.







AMIR: 3rd and long, huh?  My schlong is long.



(silence)



AMIR: Alright, you know what, no.  Social experiment time.  I'm gonna write down a joke on a piece of paper, and Jake's gonna say it.  Cuz I really think the only reason you guys aren't laughing at my jokes now, i mean, you have some weird fucking vendetta against me or something.  I mean, it's gotta be me, right?  Speaking of 'N Sync, (singing) it's gotta be me.



(silence)



AMIR: Fuck this room



(Kelly reaches across for a cheeto in the bowl directly in front of Amir.  Amir grabs her hand and stabs it with the pen)



KELLY: AHHHHHHHHHHH!!!







(Jake and Amir have switched places.  Kelly is now on one end of the couch and Amir is on the other:  K V J A)



AMIR: Alright, Jake, here we go, read it.



JAKE: Not right now, man.



AMIR: Read the joke.



JAKE: (reading the joke) This team is doing fine.  You know who could use a head coach?  My ex-girlfriend.



AMIR: Uh heh heh...wow, I guess we both suck ass at delivering gold jokes, heh heh, right?  Unless, is Kelly laughing? (he pushes Jake and Vince against the couch so he can look at Kelly)  No?  Okay, she looked like she was...



JAKE: She's crying.



AMIR: Ok.



VINCE: Cuz you stabbed her.







AMIR: Ohmygod, ohmygod, change the channel, (covering eyes) I can't even look, I can't handle the pressure!



JAKE: It's a commercial.



AMIR: I know, but I don't know which one gets out the most stains.  Is it Tide?  Please don't tell me, don't tell me.  Is it Tide, though?



JAKE: Yeah, dude, it's Tide.  It's not the other leading detergents.



AMIR: Ohhh, tell me when it's over.







KELLY: I love how every year the media counts out the Giants and then they go on some amazing run in the play-offs.



VINCE: Totally  JAKE: Yeah



AMIR: Heh heh, wow.  You're a chick.  Hmm hmm.  Let the boys talk about sports, sweetheart.



KELLY: I know more about football than you do.



AMIR: Oh really, when was the first Super Bowl?



KELLY: 1967.  What does a running back do?



AMIR: He gets...paid...heh heh.



KELLY: To do WHAT?



AMIR: I already answered your question, so give me another unless you wanna get (Amir holds up the pen.  Jake and Vince grab his arm.  Kelly and Vince scream.)







AMIR: How old is Ellie [sic] Manning?



KELLY: Eli.  (pronouncing it correctly) 31.  Name the 4 teams of the AFC West?



AMIR: Pass.  Name the first football coach for the Giants?



KELLY: Bob Falwell.  Draw a football.



AMIR: I don't know science shit.  I know history shit, but I don't know science shit.



VINCE: Wait, wait, wait, weren't you in AP Bio?



AMIR: Yeah, but I got a 1, ya fucking nimrod.







KELLY: Who won the second Super Bowl?



AMIR: Nah, that's ancient history.



KELLY: Who won LAST year's Super Bowl?



AMIR: That is way too recent, that's not trivia.



KELLY: Who won the Super Bowl in 1989?



AMIR: I don't have to play this game with you anymore, cuz you're clearly cheating, the Jacksonville Jaguars.



KELLY: They weren't a team until 1995.



AMIR: Alright, you know what, lightning round, first one to touch the coffee table wins.  (Amir touches the beer) Ooooooooo!



JAKE: You touched the beer on top of the table.



(Kelly touches the table)



AMIR: NOOOOO!  I just lost to a girl at trivia, and she's crippled.



(Amir tries to touch Kelly)



KELLY: Aaaaaaa-







AMIR: Oh!  I've been pretty into voyeurism recently...watching people, you know, fuck and shit, stuff like that.  Spending a lot of time by the window of my apartment with a weird combination of binocs, a telescope and some mirrors.  Heh heh.  Just getting drunk on Riesling, sitting on a stool, with a bottle of Viagra in one hand and a bottle of Jergens in the other, just waiting for something (in air quotes) romantic (end air quotes) to happen. Heh.  Some nights when nothing pans out, I'll just wait and wait and wait for a husband to come home and kiss his wife on the cheek and that's enough, i'm like, fuck it, I'm going at it.  I tie a belt around my neck and I'm just fucking strangling msyelf-



VINCE: H-hey hey hey, look they- they're going for it on the 4th down.



(same time)



JAKE: Yes, okay, yeah, alright, let's do that. KELLY: Well, alright, let's go.  VINCE: Oh, right, let's go.



AMIR: I can't- yeah- I'm like out of breath, just struggling-



JAKE: Hey, everyone tried to change the subject.







AMIR: Anyone want a sausage or something, like a bratwurst?



VINCE: Yeah, sure.



AMIR: Cool, go make it yourself, then.



VINCE: I said yes cuz I- I thought you were gonna be making it-



AMIR: No, I know, but why don't you go get it yourself?  If you want something, why don't you go get it?  Huh?  



(Jake and Amir overlap)



AMIR: It's called the art of being active.  If you want something-



JAKE: Okay, we get it, thank you.  Stop it.  Settle down.  Shut up.



(Kelly, Vince, Jake and Amir overlap)



KELLY: Shut up.



VINCE: You don't understand the way things work!!



JAKE:   Oh, come on.  Yeah, come on.



AMIR: I'm serious.  



(Kelly tries to stab Amir with a pen.  Kelly, Jake and Amir overlap)



KELLY: I HAVE THE PEN NOW!  I'M GONNA FUCKING KILL YOU!!!!!



JAKE: Hey, hey, hey, hey Kelly, come on, it's not worth it.  Kelly, get it- come on, come on.  (to Amir)Move your neck away from her.



AMIR: (offering his neck to Kelly)Right here in my fucking trach.



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO



AMIR: Hey, you're watching me and Amir.



JAKE: What the fuck was that?







JAKE: You guys know what today is.



AMIR: Erection day, so cast your bone, it's not that hard-on.



JAKE: Leave.



AMIR: Because I made a joke?!



JAKE: Because you made three jokes, and they were all about dicks. Okay, it was offensive.







AMIR: You know, in some states, the presidential race is a foregone conclusion, so New York and Alabama, thanks but no thanks, you don't need to vote.



JAKE: What if everybody thought like that?



AMIR: Then I'd be a genius. Okay, convincing an entire state not to vote? I should be president.



JAKE: A president wouldn't do that. (Amir makes face) Oh, worst face you've ever made.







AMIR: Barack Obama? More like Yitzchak Osama. Okay, that guy's a Jew and an Arab and you mean to tell me religion has no part in this election? (Jake leaves) Where are you going? Afraid of the truth?







AMIR: Mitten Romney? I'm smitten, Homney. 



JAKE: That's not good, man, homney's not a word.



AMIR: And Paul Ryan, we are tryin', but nobody's Biden their time quite like our vice president, Joseph Dan Quayle.



JAKE: You're not smart.



AMIR: Never said I was.







AMIR: Okay, I know it's a two-party system, but what about the candidate nobody's talking about, Mitt Romney.



JAKE: People are talking about Mitt Romney. You were just talking about Mitt Romney.



AMIR: When?



JAKE: Remember Smitten Homney?



AMIR: Oh, yeah that was funny.



JAKE: It was not funny.







JAKE: Okay, we know you're busy, but you gotta find-



AMIR: Voting isn't hip, but you know what is? A rap, so give me a beat. (rapping) Politics is a polish-dick so cast your vote on this pink (censored)



JAKE: Stop, stop!



AMIR: Censorer! I sense you're a censorer, sir, who censored my words, so rest assured I'm incensed, for sure!



JAKE: No more slam poetry. Okay, that was really good but no more slap poetry.



AMIR: Thank you.







JAKE: You gotta be as well-informed as possible, so research your candidates before you head to the polls.



AMIR: Exactly right, so, for example, Barack Hossein Osama, wow, yeah, he stands for socialism, and Mitt Mone-y, ha ha, he stands... for socialism.







JAKE: So get out there and cast your vote for your candidate todate- today. Today-



AMIR: Oh my God, let me bail you out, brother, so get out there and vote for your favorite candidate today. Huh.



JAKE: Perfect.



AMIR: Wait, let me try one more I wasn't blinking.



JAKE: It's fine if you were blinking.







AMIR: So, get out there and vote for your favorite candiday-diday. Ahh-bululah. So get out there and vote for your favorite candidate di- (sighs) It is harder than it sounded. Three, two one.







AMIR: So get out there and vote for your favorite candiday-diday, (simultaneously) diday, diday. Ahh-bululah



JAKE: (simultaneously) Diday, diday, today.



AMIR: Say it slower. Favorite-



JAKE: One, two, three, (simultaneously) So get out there and vote for your favorite candidate today-



AMIR: (simultaneously) So get out there and vote for your favorite candiday-diday- Ahh, ha, ha, ha!







AMIR: One second. Candiday. I'm not even saying that one word right.







AMIR: Get your VDD Di- Oh my God, I'm thinking about something else.







AMIR: Ahhhh! It's like a ffffff- I'm pissed off now! Candiday-di- (turns around and walks) Whoo!







AMIR: So get out there and vote for your candiday-diday!



JAKE: You know, you weren't blinking before, and now you just did one with your eyes completely closed.



AMIR: I think both of them work. Okay, ready? Three, two, one. Get out there and vote. Blululehh. Let me take it slow and we can speed it up.



JAKE: Even if you were blinking before, that's fine. 







AMIR: (more slowly, enunciating) So get out there and vote for your favorite candiday-diday. 







(Amir turns around and broods, refusing Jake's hand on his back)







(Amir is still facing backwards)



JAKE: Alright, let's try one m-



AMIR: Don't! I said I needed two minutes.



JAKE: And you've been standing there for, like, seven!



AMIR: Candidate. Not even closer.







(Amir is standing by himself)



AMIR: (quickly) Get out there and vote for your favorite candiday-diday, favorite candiday-diday, favorite candiday-diday, oh my God. (clapping syllables) Favorite candidate-to date. 







(Jake and Amir are facing each other)



JAKE: Candidate.



AMIR: Candidididay.



JAKE: Don't say today, it's messing you up, okay, candidate.



AMIR: Candidididay.



JAKE: (hitting Amir with both hands) Come on.



AMIR: Oh!



JAKE: I'm sorry. I'm sorry.



AMIR: That's okay. Yeah, yeah, I needed that. 



JAKE: Candidate.



AMIR: I feel like I got it now. Get out there and vote for your favorite candidaydiday. When you hit me, something messed me up, man.







JAKE: Alright, so if you're over the age of 18-



AMIR: Oh, I'm in college, I didn't register, I can't vote. Wrong!



JAKE: You know, if they didn't register then you actually can't vote.



AMIR: (raising mug of tea) That sounds like Tea Party philosophy to me. (dumps tea on Jake)



JAKE: That was hot tea!



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir



Amir: I told you we could be naked!



Jake: Oh my god get out



Jake: Well this was supposed to be an intervention, but i guess no one like you enough to show up.



Amir: Oh



Jake: Don't act smug, I know that hurt.



Amir: Is it something I said, or did?



Jake: I mean both. You've been rubbing everyone the wrong way for the past four or five years.



Amir: Yeah, that explains why everybody's been acting coy to me since 2003



Jake: Not coy, it's not coy, they hate you



(Penis Anthony Hudson enters)



Doobs: Is he dead yet, or is it not that kind of intervention



Jake: What kind of interventions do you go to?



Doobs: (laughing)



Amir: What are you doing here, Doobs?



Doobs: I RSVP'd to this intervention one year ago today, on E-vite



Jake: Impossible, I didn't have an E-vite for this intervention, I just decided to have it last week.



Amir: So quiet up, Huddy!



Doobs: You can't call me that any more, A-Weird. 



Amir: No!



Doobs: Yes! Because of three seconds ago I have litterally changed my name yet again to Penis Dickling, The Goose! (Howls)



Jake: That's not a goose noise



Amir: Now how am I to make fun of him?



Jake: I don't know, Penis is still pretty bad, I mean dickling is awful



Amir: Mr Goose



Doobs: Grrr, Curse you!



Jake: That's the nicest thing he could have called you.



Doobs: Never matter, we're not here to discuss myself, or the millions of films I've now been cast in. We're here to talk about A-Weird and his father, and his father's tiny, spindly, sticky little legs.



Jake: Wait a second, films?



Doobs: Oh you haven't heard? I am now officially, and universally, a famous actress



Amir: whoah, short shorts



Jake: You know I really hope you just misspoke.



Doobs: I didn't. I've been casted as the fem fatal in the brilliant film A bridge over river Queer. Yes, you heard that. How do you like that range, even Thomas Hanks hasn't played a woman, and he's a MTV award nominee!



Jake: Okay, I don't think you're right about either of those things.



Amir: Yes he is!



Jake: No he's not!



Amir: Yes he is!



Doobs: No, I'm not. Tell me, do you have a CD-ROM drive?



Jake: No



Doobs: What?



Jake: We don't have a CD-ROM drive.



Doobs: Meaning?



Jake: Meaning they're old and out of date, we don't have one.



Doobs: Then what the hell is this? (Picks up a phone)



Jake: It's a telephone.



Doobs: Okay, and these?



Jake: Books



Doobs: Well then wheres you're CD-ROM drive?



Jake: We'd We don't have one!



Doobs: How many gigabytes does you're company own?



Jake: How is that relevant?



Doobs: You're not a tycoon, you're whole job is a lie!



Jake: What are you talking about?



Doobs: (Angrily) Give me your CD-ROM drive!



Jake: We have a DVD player!



Doobs: What is that?



Jake: It plays DVDs, are you serious?



Doobs: Meaning?



Jake: Meaning it plays DVDs



Doobs: Level with me, this has an MPEG 4 on it, can you play it?



Jake: Probably, just put it in the DVD player, okay, we'll see.

 (Doobs turns and throws the CD into a DVD player)



Amir: Wow



Jake: Insane!



Doobs (On screen, dressed as a woman): New York city 1995, BC.



Jake (IRL): Wow Doobs this looks awful



Amir (IRL): Shh it's brilliant.



Jake (IRL): How could you say that?

(Amir poiints at the screen, as he walks on dressed in a green nightie. The background to the film is the Eiffel tower)



Amir (On Screen): Hello, Mrs Doobs!



Doobs (On Screen): Hello peasant



Amir (On Screen) : No!



Jake (IRL): I get it.



Doobs (On screen): Today we make history, much like your father tried to make history with me



Amir (On screen): Stop.



Doobs (On Screen):A million years ago when he tried to hug me



Amir (On Screen): Don't!



Doobs (On Screen): and smooch me



Amir (On Screen): No!



Doobs (On Screen): A thousand time in one day!



Amir (On Screen): No, you're off script!



Doobs (On Screen): and I let him!



Amir (On Screen): Gahhh, I'll kill you!



Doobs (On Screen): I challenge you to a wrestling match!

(They fight on screen)



FOUR HOURS LATER



(Jake stands up and leave, Amir and Doobs are clapping)

Amir and Doobs(IRL): It's brilliant Brava, Brava, Brava!



(On screen Amir and Doobs are also clapping)

Amir and Doobs (On Screen): Brava, Brava, Magnificoal!



Amir and Doobs (IRL): Brava!

(Amir blows kisses, Doobs laughs)

													

														INTRO



Amir: *monotone* I am a robot, you're watching Jake...



Jake: Unplug your nose, you asshole.



Amir: OKAY.



EPISODE



Amir: Happy Post-Turkey Day, eveyone! Who wants 5 liters of piping-hot split pea soup? Or, should I say, shit pee poop? *laughs* No, I'm just jok-oh no! Ah! *falls over, pours soup on face* ARGH! FUCK, IT'S BOILING!



Jake: O-oh my god!



Amir: AH, IT'S BOILING MY FACE AND NECK! AAH, IT'S SO HOT! AAH!



Jake: Hey, alright, I'm going to call 9-1-1, okay?



Amir: No, it's not going to do anything! I prank call them all the time!



Jake: I'll call it from my phone.



Amir: I do it from your phone!



Jake: Well, I'll just tell them you legitimately burned your face this time!



Amir: I crank-yanked them last night with that exact line! I said, please come, I legitimately burned my face this time! They show up, there's a flaming pile of dog shit on my own apartment stoop. Got 'em good.



Jake: ..did you?



Amir: Nah, not really. They just left and a huge part of my apartment burned down. Can you do me a favor?



Jake: What?



Amir: I'd like to stay with you in order to recoup from this injury. I need you to be my nurse for a week.



Jake: ...no.



Amir: What? You already said yes! How could you take it back now?



Jake: No, I didn't. I said what.



Amir: Yeah, what is yes! Why would you want to know what the favor is unless you were going to do it?



Jake: To see if I wanted to agree to the favor!



Amir: No! Hell no!



Jake: Don't tell me what I mean.



Amir: This is unreal! This was your soup!



Jake: What are you talking about?



Amir: I made this soup for you, right? I called you last night and I said, if I brought in leftover split pea soup, would you have some?



Jake: And I said no!



Amir: Exactly! And then I said, if you're not going to have it, then I'm just not going to bring any in, and you said fine.



Jake: Yeah, fine as in don't bring in the soup.



Amir: No, fine as in yes!



Jake: Stop telling me what I mean by shit!



Amir: Are you actually yelling at me right now? I feel like I'm being burnt alive in a cauldron, or a bowl of hot soup was dumped on my face.



Jake: Have you already forgotten that that is what happened?



Amir: *sigh* I'm starting to regret this whole plan.



Jake: What plan, man?



Amir: I figured if I scalded myself on my most important organ,  my face...



Jake: Wrong.



Amir: For most people it's heart, for me, it's face.



Jake: You're wrong. Go on.



Amir: I figured if I doused myself in hot soup, you'd want to bring me in. Show me some tender love and care, y'know? Maybe rent some DVDs from Blockbuster Media. I would even eat some leftover yams that you would offer me. I don't really like yams, but I wouldn't have the heart to tell you.



Jake: Well, I'm well aware that you hate yams.



Amir: I hate 'em. I hate yams!



Jake: Stop saying yams.



Amir: ....YAMS.



Jake: Look, if you really did this just to recover at my house, if you're that pathetic, lowly, and masochistic, then...y'know what? I almost do feel bad enough to have you...



Amir: No, no, I don't want to do it like this. I don't want that pity invite!



Jake: What are you talking about? Yes you do! You poured the soup on your face!



Amir: This isn't about me.



Jake: Yes, it is! Everything's about you! You're the most selfish person I know!



Amir: That is not fair.



Jake: Unfair? You prank called 9-1-1! You took emergency responders away from people who actually need it!



Amir: Okay, y'know what? I accept the pity offer. You've made me feel like shit, and so I will accept the pity offer, but I will NOT eat the yams.



Jake: Oh, you'll eat the yams.



Amir: I will not eat the yams, Amir!



Jake: I'M Jake, YOU'RE Amir.



Amir: ...YAMS.



Jake: *starts strangling Amir*



Amir: Aah, god, this isn't part of the yam plan! Yam plan, thank ya ma'am!

													

														INTRO



JAKE: Hey ladies, you're watching Jake  Amir.



AMIR: Very cool.



JAKE: Shut up, dude.







JAKE: Hey asshole!



AMIR: Are you mad at me?



JAKE: (muttering, mimicking) Are you sad-der me.



AMIR: That's not what I said.



JAKE: Dude, these cords? Your fault. My pants are too tight, and that ain't right.



AMIR: I agree. Look, I'm sorry I couldn't respond to your text messages as to whether or not you should buy those pants, but I was with my mom.



JAKE: Oh, I can't wait to hear this story.  I'm all beers.



(Jake mimics opening a beer, drinking it with glug sounds , taking some breaths, drinking again - with more glug sounds - crushing the empty beer can on his forehead and tossing it away.  Jake then laughs at his own joke)



AMIR: My mom was in a car accident and so my entire family was with her in the hospital.



JAKE: Are you done being a jackass?



AMIR: Look, I'm sorry, I don't know what else to say.



JAKE: No, no, I'm sorry. Jesus. I'm sorry. 



AMIR: Thank you.



JAKE: What a tragedy.



AMIR: Yeah, it's just so weird to see this - 



JAKE: Yeah, no, I can't believe a modern hospital wouldn't have cell phone service. I - I - I - I - I - I'm appalled.



AMIR: Huh? No, it had cell phone service.



JAKE: Oh, it HAD cell phone service.  But you didn't respond to my text, so, your lies are catching up with you, Blumenfeld.  Hmm, I don't know.



AMIR: No, I had cell phone reception, I jus-



JAKE: How you gonna play this one, bud?



AMIR: I just couldn't respond, okay, because I was-



JAKE: Cuz you were busy operating on her?  Cuz you're a PA or some shit? Are you a physician's assistant?  Or were you in the waiting room with your dick in your hand?



AMIR: I was in the waiting room, yes.



JAKE: Then you had your dick in your hand, didn't you?



AMIR: No, I didn't have my dick in my - 



JAKE: You were jerkin' your gerkin in the waiting room. 



AMIR: No, I was not.



JAKE: I bet a doctor would frown upon that.  I do.



AMIR: I was on my phone, okay? I was starting this phone tree, you know, trying to alert every member of my family as to what happened.



JAKE: You have got to be SHITTING me with that, dude!  You were on your phone? You were on your phone??  And you were ignoring my texts as they're coming in??  By the way, a phone tree works like this: You call one person, then that person calls another person and then that person calls another person.  Doesn't mean, like, everybody's calling you, making it so you can't respond to your texts, right?  It's some kind of reverse phone tree?  Were you the trunk?  If you're the trunk, then you got punked.



AMIR: I don't know what to say.  I guess I got punked.  It's just that I'm also in emotional pain, too, right now, man.



JAKE:  Don't play that card, you coward.  Okay, I sent you 12 pictures of myself in a dressing room, and it would've taken 3 seconds out of your day to give me a hell to the no. You know, even, going forward, how about if you ignore my texts, I'll know, don't buy the cords.



AMIR: Fine, I ignored the text.



JAKE:  Going forward, I said.  As in starting now, and seeing as though I texted you yesterday, Lucy! You got some 'splaining to do!  (to the office) If anybody heard that and didn't laugh, I urge you to reconsider.  Okay, I would take a pity laugh to save some face.  Speaking of face, why is nobody sucking on my face as I am looking amazing in these ill-fitting - slim-fitting! - cords?



AMIR: I thought you said you didn't like the pants.



JAKE: You thought wrong.  A pair of roys for this lazy goy make the Jewish sluts say oy oy oy.



AMIR: Offensive.



JAKE: I butt-fucked my brother, on a booze cruise!



AMIR: Can't you just return the corduroys? 



JAKE: Of course I could. It's not exactly how I went to spend my Sunday afternoon, right, bud?



(Amir's cell phone rings)



AMIR:  The hospital's calling me.



JAKE: And once again, you choose them over me.



AMIR: I haven't picked it up yet.



JAKE: Yeah, but I know you're thinking about it, dude.  And tell you what, if you pick that up, (in a bit of an accent) me and you are done professionally.  (to the office) Another joke for everybody, that's Christian Ball [sic], (to Amir) but really? Pick it up, and we're not friends.



AMIR: Fine. (to phone) Hey, can I call you back? (Amir hangs up)



(Jake gives Amir a look.  Amir gives him a look back.) 



JAKE: Oh - oh oh oh oh oh oh yeah, that doesn't matter at all.  You still picked it up!



AMIR: I hung up on them!



JAKE: You c- you certainly did not.  You left this conversation, you had another one! Ok?  How do you think that makes me feel?



AMIR: I told them I'd call them back!



JAKE: You s- you uh ew ah - please! You answered the phone, you said (in a high voice, but not in an imitation of Amir's high voice) Hi, how are you? I'm Amir Blumenfeld, I'm a piece of shit. 



AMIR: No!



JAKE: Then you said, (again, in a high voice) can I please call you back? Let me please call you back?  I bet you do call them back, too!



AMIR: Yeah, I might.  Probably, yes.



JAKE: Alright, man, alright, we have to figure this shit out, ok? I'm sorry your mom's dead, but that's not - 



AMIR:  She's not dead.



JAKE: You gotta be SHITTING me with that!



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO 



Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake and a BEARD



Jake: Nice.



Amir: Well, your beard's not nice.



Jake: Stop!



EPISODE:



Amir: Wha? You've gotta be shitting me with this.



Jake: Sorry man....



Amir: This is not how I wanted to start my day.



Jake: Then you know what? You shouldn't have brought your rabid Rottweiler to Bring Your Dog To Work Day.



Amir: So the bitch barked a bit!



Jake: What are you talking about, She barked a bit? She killed two dogs! She ate two other dogs and bit a bunch of people.



Amir: And for that, I deserve this, this... silent treatment?



Jake: Why do you think that everything that happens to you is the silent treatment?



Amir: Silence.



Jake: No one is giving you the silent treatment. They just made and destroyed this You-Doll.



Amir: I'm starting to think that I shouldn't have even brought Rotem in to work!



Jake: Who the fuck is Rotem?



Amir: That's the name of the pup!



Jake: You know what? Stop calling her a pup. You brought a crazed beat into the office. She attacked you, making you drop her leash.  You looked surprised and scared and you said, You know what,  'I can't deal with this' and then you ran off in a brazen act of cowardice.



Amir: I feared her that day....



Jake: You should fear her everyday, and I think you do because you locked yourself in a closet for two hours yelling, Shoot 'er! Shoot 'er! Shoot the bitch for all I care!' Meanwhile, she's out there attacking people, almost as if you trained her to do it. I mean, where did you get such an angry animal?



Amir: She is an angry bitch. But she is calm.



Jake: Wrong. You know the worst part, man? What animal control got there and told you that you had to put her down, you said, 'go ahead'. You didn't even go with them to the shelter to give her the  needle!



Amir: I couldn't....



Jake: You couldn't be there for that dog?



Amir: I couldn't....



Jake: Don't say, 'I couldn't' like you care, like you care about the dog. No, you just brought her to create chaos.



Amir: I got the mut three weeks ago at a friggin bake sale! Yea, how do you like that? I'm sitting there trying to gank a muffin and quesant.



Jake: Stop saying it like that.



Amir: What, quesant?



Jake: Yea,  you're not French!



Amir: It's a French word!



Jake: Just go on with the story.



Amir: So I'm tryna gank a quesant and steal an empanada-



Jake: Oh my god...



Amir: -When all of a sudden I'm attacked by this, by this, by this-



Jake: Spit it out



Amir: -This beast outta hell. She starts gnawing at my ankle and biting on my thigh meat and I thought, I have to have her. I said, Look, no ones gonna love you, including me.



Jake: Jesus.



Amir: I had her in my basement for a fortenight 



It's not finished because I got bored. Feel free to finish it and I'll add an edit.

													

														INTRO- JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.



AMIR: Saying your name loud and my name quite, huh?  Nice.



JAKE: Come on.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

INT: Office



JAKE: Dude, you see Homeland last night?



AMIR: No! And don't say anything, okay?



JAKE: I'm not going to say anything. I won't ruin it. It's insane.



AMIR: That's a spoiler!



JAKE: That's a spoiler? That's a spoiler?



AMIR: (Laughing) Yes! That's a spoiler. To say, that's insane it spoils the experience.



JAKE: Something insane happens every single week!



AMIR: I know, but now I feel like someone's going to die or something.



JAKE: Maybe- Someone dies a lot.



AMIR: Oh my god!



JAKE: I'm not saying they did. I'm not saying they did. I'm not saying they did. Maybe they didn't.



AMIR: That sandwich looks really good, actually.



JAKE: I know.



AMIR: Give Daddy a bite.



(Silence falsl between them and Jake dry heaves)



AMIR: What?



(Jake starts to get up)



AMIR: You're going?



JAKE: No. I'm..



AMIR: What did I do?



JAKE: I don't like what just happened.



AMIR: (Overlapping) What? I asked you for a bite of your sandwich? Oh no, I asked you for a bite!



JAKE: (Overlapping) Okay? I'm serious. No, it wasn't just that. You said, Can I have a bite, Daddy? You called yourself Daddy.



AMIR: Yeah, daddy. It's a joke. It's a joking nickname. 



JAKE: No, it's not a joke. It makes me feel uncomfortable.



AMIR: On my god. You are reading so much into it. 



JAKE: (Overlapping) I'm not- Look, don't worry. We don't have to have this conservation. I'm just saying. 



AMIR: (Overlapping) Okay. Can I have a bite, bro? Can I have a bite, cuz? Can I have a bite, aunt? Can I have a bite, uncle? Can I have a bite, nephew?



JAKE: Yeah, no. All of those are examples of things that are unacceptable, actually. 



AMIR: UNACCEPTABLE?! To say bro? Are you kidding me? Everyone calls each other that!



JAKE: Fine. Bro may be the one that works. But calling yourself my aunt?



JAKE: (Overlapping) Stop. It doesn't. I don't need a list. All I'm saying. It doesn't have to be. Don't make it a thing. Don't make it a thing. Why are you getting so angry? Why are you harping on it like this? I'm just asking you not to call yourself daddy.



AMIR: (Overlapping) Bro is fine, okay. So we're on the same generational level. So why don't I give you a list? I'll give you a family tree and you give me a pre-approved list of what I can call you and what I cannot. Daddy: X. Mommy: X. Bro: Okay, that's fine. Cuz: That's fine. So everything on my generational level is fine.



AMIR: I'm angry? You're about to leave!



JAKE: Yeah, I'm gonna leave. You made me uncomfortable. You made it weird.



AMIR: Because it s- it was not even sexual.



JAKE: (Overlapping) Wow. Really? Right now you're gonna say- Oh God. Dude, I didn't think it was. Don't make it a sexual thing.



AMIR: (Overlapping) I guess now it grosses you out because you think it's a sexual thing. (In a mocking sexy tone) Give Daddy a bite. Give Daddy a bite. I wasn't even saying it like-



JAKE: You saying that makes it kind of a sexual thing.



AMIR: (Overlapping) What? Because I'm saying it's not a thing makes it a thing? Okay. So, this is not a computer. I guess that makes it a computer. Is that how it works?



JAKE: (Overlapping) No, I'm not trying to put that on you. Oh my God. Just...Drop it. Just drop it.



JAKE: Why don't you just drop it?



AMIR: (Drops a coin) I want to drop it but you're turning this into a bigger deal than it already is!



JAKE: (Overlapping) You're harping on it!



JAKE: Oh my God.



AMIR: What?



JAKE: Look at the veins in your neck coming out right now.



AMIR: (Overlapping) Oh my God. Veins in my neck. Ooo. Wow. They're gay too. I guess you're freaked out by them because they're calling you daddy. 



JAKE: (Overlapping) You always get so stressed out. Just- Dude, just let it go.



JAKE: You said something that offended me and I'm gonna leave. That's it.



AMIR: So you're going to leave?



JAKE: Yes, I'm going to leave



AMIR: (Overlapping) You're just going to take off for the rest of the day because I called you a nickname? How's that going to work? (Mimic being on the phone) Oh sorry, I'm going to work from home today. Yeah. Amir called me a thing. I guess I'm freaked out and I don't want to be here anymore. If that freaks you out. If that little amount of stuff freaks you out then maybe you shouldn't be here maybe you shouldn't be at work. Because in this environment people call each other nicknames all the time!



JAKE: (Overlapping) Yes. I think I'm going to go home. I'll work-I'll work from home. I'll email everyone and say I'm working from home. Not a thing, you called yourself daddy. Shut up dude. Yeah! Maybe I will leave! I'm going to leave. You know what I'm going to do-



JAKE: With the yelling, you can stop it right now. I'm going to go home. I've lost my appetite. You don't get the sandwich. I'm gonna throw it away. Where is it?



AMIR: (With sandwich bite in mouth) I got it.



JAKE: How?



AMIR: (Still with bite and sunglasses on over glasses) I guess Daddy wins!



JAKE: You're not even chewing it.



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														[Intro]



Jake: Hey! Happy new year! You're watching Jake and Amir.



Amir: 2011 y'all!



Jake: No.



[intro]



[Jake and Amir sitting at their desks, Amir starts to dose off]



Jake: Hey can you not fall asleep right now? We need to talk about that disgusting habit that you've picked up.



Amir: It's called butt chugging, and last time I checked, it wasn't disgusting.



Jake: Really? Have you checked recently? Because according to the news story that I saw, it involves sticking a funnel inside your asshole, and ingesting alcohol through your colon.



Amir [unfolding a scroll]: Top ten wines to butt chug!



Jake [interrupting]: Where do you go scroll shopping? Did you raid an ancient pirate ship or something?



Amir: By Amir [long bleep is heard and Amir's mouth is censored] Blumenfeld.



Jake: How about you never say that again in the office.



Amir [reading off the scroll]: Number ten! I'll say it again. If the taste is heinous, shove it up your anus! you'll get drunk better, faster, stronger.



Jake: That is what you did last night at my new year's party, but do you think you were drunker better than anybody? because I think you should up blackout drunk at seven P.M., in half a tuxedo, just the top half, you were naked waist down. You had a glass champagne flute stuck inside your butt, and you were dancing around singing "happy new queer".



Amir: Number nine, that's wine and dine! A Chardonnay and a fish fillet, blend it up, dinner and a drink, now that won't stink.



Jake: You're talking about shoving blended fish inside your butt, then yeah I bet it does.



Amir: To each, her own.



Number eight, it must be fate. A Zinfandel for this infidel make me think, don't ask, do tell. I stick a funnel in my butt.



Jake: We all know what you do, ok? You ruined New Year's. When everybody was counting down you bent over and farted Vodka onto the TV.



Amir: I'm the life and death, of every party.



Jake: Yeah you definitely killed the mood when you slipped and fell and shattered that glass Champagne flute inside your body. We took you to the hospital but the doctor refused to operate on you. He said, in the long run it might be better if you just die.



Amir: Number seven, is Levant. That's right, I soak a full body bread in a Jewish rye bread, and this ass, gets fed. Aka, you freeze the loaf and chisel off little suppositories that you stick inside your ass all night like little Tic-Tacs.



Jake: Is that what you do with Tic-Tacs?



Amir: Yeah!



Jake: Why?



Amir: Number six, it's for dicks! Take a Capri-Sun straw and stick it in your urethra. With a reverse piss, you can't miss.



Jake: So you graduated to dick chugging?



Amir: With honors, sir.



Amir: Number five, P. nomwar? More like p. yes. - Lar.



Jake: Woah.



Amir: Woah



Jake: Bad.



Amir [disappointed]: Oh.



Jake: Terrible rhyme.



Amir: No?



Jake: How did that make your final draft?



Amir: It didn't.



Jake: This isn't a final? Why are you reading it in front of me?



Amir: Number four. One Tequila, two Tequila, three Tequila, sore. Ow, if your anus ain't bruised all night, then you ain't funnelin' right.



Jake: Is there a right way to funnel? If there is, I bet you don't know it. 'Cause why else do you have those shards of glass inside your anal cavity right now?



Amir: Number three, you and me. Sippin' on some English tea.



Jake: So not butt chugging.



Amir: Oh, no, no, no. We're sipping it through our assholes.



Jake: Definitely not doing that with you.



Amir: Number two, how about some Yoo-hoo where you poo-poo. That's right, it's already wet and brown downtown, mamma mia, that's some diarrhea!



Jake: I think what I'm gonna do is e-mail Paul...



Amir: No.



Jake: ...and ugh, see if I have the permission to send you home, or if he will. Um, you need to not be here today.



Amir: How is that your call to make?



Jake: I'm gonna tell him the circumstances and see if I can send you home.



Amir: That's so illogical to me.



Jake: Really?



Amir: Yeah.



Jake: That's illogical? 'Cause I think getting your anus wounds untreated, leaving the hospital saying: "Fuck this quack, you're a hack", I think that's illogical.



Amir: Not fair.



Jake: That's not fair? What you're doing to your body isn't fair.



Amir: I'm almost done with the list.



Jake: Three of your top ten haven't even been alcohol. One of them involved shoving a straw inside your dick. I mean that's self-mutilation bud, and I think all of them will kill you.



Amir: Number one, have some fun in the sun hun. Bring your ass to the beach, and flop it down like a leech. Put your knees by your ears, but don't feed your butt beers. Not Vodka nor Gin, no those can't go in. Spread your butt cheeks wide, stick that funnel inside, now wait for the tide you're going for a ride. You're a full grown guy, with a tight brown eye, so make sure your lips are sealed, and your rectum is peeled. Which alcohol is best, for your asshole that stretch? Not red nor white, nor Captain Morgan's Delight, no. What will save the day? Oh you don't say? it's: drum roll please.



Jake: No.



Amir: A simple Rose.



[Jake start clapping slowly]



Amir: Thank you.



Jake: I don't mean it. Are you done with the list?



Amir: Not 'till I celebrate, [takes out a glass of blended fish and alcohol, and a funnel], with a number nine.



Jake: Please not now, not here at the office.



[Amir starts pouring the drink into the funnel, and looks in pain].



Jake: Oh no! Ah!



Amir [in pain]: Ah! It's in me.

													

														INTRO



AMIR: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, unless you're my parents in which case, you're NEVER watching it.



JAKE: Wow.



AMIR: Yeah







JAKE: Okay, guys, Texas Hold 'Em is the name of the game.  You know the rules, there are two blinds-



STREETER: Amir is standing right behind you.



JAKE: Buddy, I told you you could go home.  It's a half day, you do NOT need to be here.



AMIR: I like that you called me a buddy.



JAKE: I cannot believe you write that down.



AMIR: What are we playing?



JAKE: You're leaving.



AMIR: Nooo, you can't physically force me to leave, so let's figure something out.



JAKE: I probably COULD physically force you to leave.



AMIR: Ahh, please don't!



JAKE: Okay, look, you could stay, under two conditions.



AMIR: Fine.



JAKE: Let me say what the conditions are and you might be so insulted, that you decide to leave.



AMIR: Doubtful.



JAKE: You can't talk.



AMIR: Fine.



JAKE: No speaking...



AMIR: Good.



JAKE: ...laughing, doing anything to disrupt us, and you're not allowed to uh, play.



AMIR: (mocking) Oh no, I can't play. (Normal) Ah ha ha, yeah, I just wanna be here next to you.  That's fine.



STELLA: So sad.



GUY: Jake, can we just play?



JAKE: Yeah, sorry,



AMIR: Wait, before you guys start...



JAKE: So you're talking right off the bat.



AMIR: It's a question.  I wanna ask a question.



JAKE: Did you talk it? Because I said no talking.



AMIR: You mean did you speak it.  You can't talk it, you don't say did can talk it, you moron.



JAKE: You're a moron.



AMIR: Does anyone want sandwiches?  There.  That's my question.  God forbid I ask it!



GUY: I'll take a sandwich.



STELLA: Yeah.



STREETER: Sure, I'll take one.



AMIR: Oh what a surprise, Streeter wants a sandwich.  Oh wait, that's not a surprise.  The way he's bigger than anyone else is that he eats sandwiches more frequently than the average person.



S: Come on!



AMIR: Ten dollars, everybody give me ten dollars.



JAKE: So you're not buying them.



AMIR: I'm BUYING them.  I just don't want to PAY FOR THEM, you grammar Nazi.  Who here thinks I'm right?



(Stella raises her hand)



JAKE: Why?



AMIR: I like word play.  I've always been the kind of girl who's been like Hmmm, I don't know, CAN you go to the bathroom? Heh.



AMIR: I like this one.  Her skin's a little greasy and her eyebrows are WAY too thick, but she's fun, and I think she likes me, too.



JAKE: Okay, you were just narrating that entire thing.



AMIR: It was then that I realized I was narrating along the entire time.  Did the grease princess hear what I had to say about her eyebrows.  We may never know?



STELLA: Yeah, I did.



AMIR: My mind was racing.



JAKE: Okay, let's just play.  Uh, Stella, you're small blinds.  Streeter, you're big.



AMIR: Yes, he is very big.



JAKE: You know what dude, that's enough, you can go home.  Cuz  I said no talking, and if anything, you're talking more than you usually do.  You seem incapable of even having an internal monologue.



AMIR: Okay, give me one more chance!  Give me one more chance!  If I make one joke that makes everybody here crack the fuck up, then I get to stay and play.



JAKE: Why would I agree to that?



AMIR: Because if I don't, if my joke falls flat, then I will leave you alone for the rest of your life.



JAKE: (Beat) Wow.  Sure, yeah.  I'll take that.  Go ahead.



AMIR: (singing) When there's something gay in your neighborhood, who you gonna call?  Nutbusters!



(Everyone except Jake laughs)



STREETER: (While laughing) You're the king!



JAKE: My milkshake brings all the gays to the yard, and they're like I'm gayer than y'all, ye-



(No one is laughing)



STELLA: Horrible.



STREETER: I have a gay cousin.



JAKE: I'm sorry!



EPISODE LINK

													

														[no intro]







[Amir is recording himself on a handheld camera. He is in a closet.]



AMIR: [half-whispering] Hello, fellow astronaut accountants! Jocelyn here. We are reporting live from Ace's closet. It sounds like Ace has [Amir presses his ear to the door, hears moaning] some sort of girl over, but I'm sure they won't mind we... interrupt.



[Amir opens the closet door and walks out. The camera is pointed at the floor.]



JAKE: [panicked] Wh-whoa whoa hey hey-



[Cut to the opening credits. Jake and Amir are both dancing, and text vaguely matching the lyrics flashes on screen in time to the song.]



AMIR: Ace and Jocelyn, Ace and Jocelyn, from space and Jocelyn! Astronaut accountants and they're comin' to your face! If you love that shit, say naaah nah n-nah nah nah, nah nah nah-- Hey-- Mom, close the door!



TEXT: Ace And Jocelyn / Ace And Jocelyn / From Space / And Jocelyn / Astronaut / Accountants / Shit, slow down. / SLOWDOWN! / Fuck, startover. / STARTOVER!!!



[Jake and Amir waggle their fingers at the camera, then the dance ends. The music stops, and the recorded audio comes on.]



AMIR: ...No.



JAKE: I did it.



AMIR: No, you gotta go like that; [waggles his finger] you didn't k--



[The video cuts. Jake and Amir are inside.]



AMIR: We're in trouble, Ace! Earth's closest planet, the moon, needs us.



[Pan to Jake, who is not wearing a shirt.]



JAKE: Dude, were you really just taping me right now? 



AMIR: I'm always taping you, Ace! I'm always taping you.



[During the ensuing argument, a drawing of a woman who is riding a phallic rocket and has had Amir's face crudely edited on to her floats by and obscures the video.]



JAKE: Okay-- well, I-- you know what? Give me the camera, alright? 'Cuz I  need to-- erase that-- footage...



AMIR: [simultaneously] No! Get off of me! What are you doing? Oh, your hands smell like Vaseline!



[The camera turns, and Jake is wrestling Amir for control of the camera. The frame rotates away in a transition to a skyline shot.]



AMIR: The city looks so calm... but it's in trouble, Ace.



JAKE: I thought you said the moon was in trouble.



AMIR: Will you just play along? Okay? You already did the dance, y--



[cut]



JAKE: Jocelyn! If--



AMIR: Yeah!



JAKE: --If I go on this space mission with you, if we can save the city, then... [Amir briefly jerks the camera to face him, then back to Jake] you promise you'll let me... delete the footage of me touching my idea... stick, right? To get the enemy intelligence!



AMIR: It's too obvious! It's too obvious.



[The frame page-curls away. Jake and Amir are now walking down the street.]



JAKE: All right, Jocelyn. What's the plan?



AMIR: The plan is there's a nuclear reactor down by the river. I say we go down there, and try to defuse it!



JAKE: Great idea, but... pretty cold down there. You sure the reactor's not indoors somewhere?



AMIR: It's not indoors! It's outdoors. Okay? Stick to the script, and you will go there in a T-shirt for this insubordination!



JAKE: Dude, relax!



AMIR: Unless you want me to leak the footage of you jer--



[The frame star-wipes to Jake and Amir at the riverside.]



JAKE: Here we are at the river, and, uh... fortunately, there's no nuclear reactor, so I guess we should, uh...



AMIR: No no no, it's probably... at the bottom of the river. You should go in and check it out.



JAKE: Aaah, no. Dammit, we're... we're foiled, 'cuz... the river is too... frigid, and... polluted and filthy to... to go in...



AMIR: Well clearly you don't have a problem being filthy! Right? I have footage on here that shows you not having a problem being filthy, and I can go back upstairs and friggin' upload it!



JAKE: You know what? You know what, dude? That's it. This is [cut] fun. [cut] That's what this is! This is b-- [cut] fun. [cut] And you know what? I'm not having any f-- [cut] blackmail! [cut] This is not f-- [cut] blackmail! [cut] Not for me. [cut] It's [cut] what best friends do. This is [cut] what best friends do. [cut] You're a [cut] fun. [cut] guy! You're a piece of [cut] fun. [cut] You are [cut] a good [cut] friend! [cut] You are [cut] a good [cut] friend! [cut] Alright? I'm serious.



AMIR: Thank you, Ace! Thank you.



JAKE: ...Just keep rolling, I'll jump in the river.



AMIR: Alright. Three, two, one, action!



[The video cuts. Amir is walking and videotaping his face.]



JAKE: [off-screen] Okay, we have to get back to my apartment, now.



AMIR: That was epic, man. I totally recorded it-- Oh, shit...



[Diamond-wipe to Jake, soaking wet and wrapped up in a blanket in his apartment.]



JAKE: Did you get it?



AMIR: Uhh, well, good news and bad news, heh: Good news is, you get to jump in the river again! Yay! That was... fun. The bad news is, due to a camera malfunction, the, um... the footage was sort of lost. Not human error--



[Jake begins slapping Amir over and over.]



AMIR: N-- ow! Stop-- high-fiving my-- face!



[Cut. They are still in the apartment.]



JAKE: You... definitely deleted that footage, though?



AMIR: Yeah. I'm gonna delete it... Either that, or I'll do you one better!



[Amir begins running.]



JAKE: Ey-- no. No!



[Cut to footage from earlier. Jake is naked with a belt around his neck. There is a censor bar. There is obnoxiously-inserted text throughout.]



JAKE: [to the dog] Hey. Go away. Go to your food.



TEXT: REMIX IN 3 / 2 / 3 / Dammit / A m i r R u l e z / WONE! / REEE-MIXXX



[Jake strangles himself with a belt and jerking off. The footage is remixed into a rudimentary beat of coughs and choking sounds. Over top, Amir is singing the theme song.]



AMIR: Naaah nah n-nah nah nah, nah naaah nah n-nah nah nah, nah naaah nah n-nah nah nah, nah naaah nah n-nah nah nah, nah--



TEXT: OH SH**IT* / WHAT THE HE*LL? / OH FUCK**



[The same picture of the Amir-woman on the rocket moves through frame again. The beat and singing continue. Cut forward to Amir walking into the room. Jake sees him, tries to pull up his pants, and falls over.]



JAKE: What're you doing here, man--



[The episode ends abruptly.]







END

													

														No Intro



Amir: Ever had a shit day? I've had a shit life.



Jake: What's the matter man. You're not happy to be thirty? You having a bad birthday?



Amir: Bad birthday, nah. Bad you!



Jake: Jesus Christ.



Amir: I've been alive for almost a decade now-



Jake: Wrong.



Amir: And I have nothing to show for it, save for a few successful business ventures and a lovely wife!



Jake: You don't have those things.



Amir: Kick me while I'm down why don't you?



Jake: Well why all this sadness? Why now?



Amir: I just got a letter from myself. Sent to me when I was 12 years old as part of a sixth grade class project where every student was supposed to send a letter to your future self. Turns out, every single student sent a letter to me. Yeah, 28 different letters that all start out with the same sentence: I hope you're not alive to read this. How do you think that makes me feel?



Jake: I don't know, bad.



Amir: Wrong! ...Like shit!



Jake: So I wasn't wrong.



Amir: Oh, this one's a gem, alright, you're gonna love this one.



Jake: What would I love about this?



Amir (Reading from the letter): Dear Amir, I hope you're not alive to read this. So, you have a black heart and no brain. You're ruthless mean and dumb. P.S. Do the Bills ever win the superbowl?  Ha ha ha ha ha ha!



Jake: Yeah, that's pretty mean for a 12 year old.



Amir: That one's from the teacher!



Jake: Ms. Nesbit?



Amir: MS. Nesbit actually, she would have been pissed at you. 



Jake: I said Ms. Nesbit.



Amir: You want one from a mean tween though? Meaner than you've ever seen? Well I got one for you, Mr. Bean.



Jake: Just read the letter.



Amir (Reading): Dear Amir, I hope you're not alive to read this. Every day my dad gives me poison to sneak into your thermos of soup.  All I want for my birthday is the courage to finally kill you. He said you're dad is an evil man and he's raising you to be the spawn of Satan. Love, Penis Anthony Doubineux. P.S. Go Bills. Can you believe I knew a kid with the last name Doubineux?



Jake: Yeah, I know him.



Amir: How do you know Doobs?



Jake: I've met him. Several times. 



Amir: Letter the third from my best friend Kyle. Dear Amir, DIE, Go Bills, Love Kyle. 



Jake: You're adding love to the end of it. 



Amir: No.



Jake: Did you grow up in Buffalo?



Amir: Niagara Falls actually. My mom is a French-Canadian queen and my dad is an Army rat. 



Jake: What?



Amir: Mainly a rat coward who went AWOL during his time at Vietnam. Faked his own death now twice but thrice during the span of 18 months and gave away the names and locations of over 1000 of his comrades. 



Jake: God, what a traitor!



Amir: Yeah! For the he received the black heart. Congressional medal of dishonor.



Jake: I feel like every time we have a conversation I just, I get so sad for you. 



Amir: Worry not. I still have my successful business ventures and a lovely wife HOLY SHIT is that NFL hall of fame quarterback and former Buffalo Bills superstar Jim Kelly?



Jake: There's no one behind me.



Amir: Mr. Kelly, sign my ball, please!



[Amir throws the football, hitting Rosie in the head]



Rosie: Ahh!



Guy: He's dead.

													

														[no intro]







[Jake and Amir are waiting for a table at a restaurant.]



JAKE: Hey!



HOSTESS (JESSICA): Hey!



JAKE: Uh, two please.



HOSTESS: Sure.



AMIR: Yup, two for dinner, heheh!



HOSTESS: Great!



AMIR: Though usually we just eat pussy.



JAKE: 'Later.



[Jake immediately leaves.]



AMIR: Wait!







[Amir is eating dinner by himself. He shakes his head about what happened. A waitress comes over.]



WAITRESS (CHLOE): How's the steak?



AMIR: Fine... though I think I need a martini after that whole exchange.



[The waitress chuckles politely.]



AMIR: Catch that?



WAITRESS: Yup. One martini comin' up!



AMIR: No: what happened with me and my friend? Best friend, actually. Or so I thought.



WAITRESS: Oh. No.



AMIR: He ditch-ditch-ditched me.



[The waitress goes to leave, but Amir holds her back by the arm.]



AMIR: Actually, one second. Where's the hostess? Let's call her over; she saw the whole thing.



WAITRESS: Let go of my arm... and I'll go get her.



AMIR: Fine.



[He lets go of her arm.]



AMIR: Actually, what's her name? I can just call her over.



WAITRESS: It's Jessica. I'll just go grab--



AMIR: Perfect. Jessica! Jessica!



[As Amir calls for the hostess, Jessica, he restrains the waitress by the wrist again. She tries to pull away.]



AMIR: You're... hurting my fingers, honestly.



[Jessica comes over.]



JESSICA: Are you okay?



AMIR: Jess! Hi. I was just telling, um...



[There is a pause, but not a very long one.]



AMIR: That's when you say your name, sweetheart. It's called flirting. [to Jessica] You saw when my best friend left, right? After I told that good joke?



JESSICA: ...Yeah.



AMIR: Look, I knew you thought it was funny, didn't you? For an off-the-cuff one-liner?



JESSICA: Um...



AMIR: Um what?



JESSICA: ...It was fine,



AMIR: [in a robot voice] It was fine... No it was not fine... It was good... [speaking normally] Okay, tell it like it is. All right? Obviously I wouldn't Tweet it. I have a very unpopular twitter account: USARice. Follow it if you scare! [imitating Dracula's iconic laugh] Moo ooo ahh ahh ahh...



[There is a long pause. Amir holds the Dracula face.]



AMIR: DO you honestly think he should have left, though? Over one joke?



JESSICA: Well, I kinda get the sense that you make those jokes a lot...



AMIR: Granted! Okay? But that's almost enough out of you, so please... proceed with caution.



JESSICA: Well maybe he was just fed up, and... didn't want to be here anymore.



AMIR: And that actually is enough out of you. Thank you so much, Jessica; you're trying to be nice, but you're giving me a legit migraine right now.



JESSICA: Well I also got the sense that he didn't want to be here to begin with, so...



AMIR: [mock laughter] It's my birthday today. [pause] Wow, suddenly the customer's always right! I'll have that martini for free now, and as for the steak, I think... no, in fact I know I'm going to be eating it off your ass.



[The waitress slaps Amir in the face.]



AMIR : Ha ha ha ha ha ha! Woo! Yeah! That's a lawsuit. That is a lawsuit. Good news, everybody! My name's Jake Hurwitz and dinner's on me, because this establishment now owes me a million dollars! In the form of a suit. [tugs his collar] Class action!



[The waitress begins crying.]



JESSICA: It's fine, Chloe. It's gonna be fine.



AMIR: Yeah, it's fine! It's fine? Or do I have a video tape... of the whole frickin' thing?



[Amir holds up his iPhone, which has a recording of him playing.]



AMIR: [on the iPhone] It's fine? Or do I have a video tape of the whole frickin' thing?



AMIR: Nooooo!



[Jake comes back to the restaurant.]



JAKE: Hey, man. I'm sorry. I cooled off. It's just I really hate when you make those jokes. You know?



[Amir nods.]



JAKE: What's going on? Did you make this girl cry?



AMIR: I made her realize that she was being a proud little diva tramp floozy!



[Jake slaps Amir in the face.]



AMIR: That's another lawsuit! That is another lawsuit, unbelievable! Two for the price of fun! I'm rich... James, bitch!







END

													

														INTRO



Amir: Forget your friends and family, this is Jake and Amir!



Jake: What? Why?



EPISODE



[Amir enters.  He is stretching and doing calisthenics constantly unless otherwise specified]



Amir: Woo! Time!



Jake: Woah.



Amir: Hey.



Jake: What was your time?



Amir: What?



Jake: How long was your run? How long did it take you?



Amir: Oh, I didn't run.  Took a cab to work; I was just, uh, asking what time it was. [Gestures to watch] 12:19.



Jake: 4 PM.



Amir: What?



Jake: It's 4 PM.  That makes you like 6 or 7 hours late today.



Amir: 6. Idiot.



Jake: I'm not an idiot; you don't know what time work starts.



Amir: What do you think my biggest weakness is? Correction: was my biggest weakness is?



Jake: You're not smart?



Amir: No.



Jake: You get angry easily?



Amir: No exercise gear, exactly right.



Jake: You also seem incapable of going with the flow of a conversation.  You have like some sort of agenda, you're going to make your point no matter what I contribute.



Amir: No arm warmer.  No tank.  A lack of zero compression pants.



Jake: You had a lack of zero compression pants?



Amir: I went to Sports Authority, and I got calm.



[brief pause]



Jake: What?



Amir: My life has been a whirlwind ever since Passover. Yeah, my dad gave me a hundred dollar bill to go fuck myself with.  Luckily for me, they accept that at most sporting goods stores. [hits ground while doing a push-up] Ow.



Jake: If it's a hundred dollar bill, then they accept it anywhere.



Amir [eating from a gel pouch]: Ugh, these things never get any easier to swallow.  Popped a molly, I'm sweatin', woo!



Jake: Have you actually started exercising?



Amir: Not yet, I'm a triathlete.  As in, I'm trying to be an athlete.



Jake: By buying those clothes?



Amir [doing the macarena]: They say to dress for the job you want.  And I want a blow job.



Jake: You know, that's not even a stretch, that's the macarena.  You can leave, or you can get to work.



Amir: I'm actually pretty depressed about all this shit.  I feel like I can't get my act together at all.



Jake:  Cool, man, I'm sorry to hear that.  What do you want me to say?



Amir: I spent the better part of a G of not my own money trying to make my old man proud.  Turns out the only thing he could be proud of, is that his son is a piece of shit.



Jake: Why would he be proud of that?



Amir: I like to make people laugh, you know?  Except the only problem is I'm the only joke in this room.  And what's so funny about a grown-ass loser?



Jake: I guess it's funny that you're having this realization in compression pants.



Amir: That's true. 



Jake: No, man, I was making fun of you.



Amir: Thanks, man.  I needed to hear that.



Jake: Don't thank me, I was being mean to you.



Amir: Hey, everybody: get a load of these pants.



[crowd which has suddenly materialized begins laughing]



Amir: Oppa gangnam style!



[everyone laughs harder]



[Amir begins dancing and crowd starts to applaud and cheer]



[Jake, smiling happily, claps twice and points a finger to the sky]



[All Gold Everything by Trinidad James can be heard playing]



Amir dressed as blonde woman [in Southern accent]: I want to give you the job you want: a blow job.



[transition to Amir, semi-conscious and dancing, sitting up against some garbage cans on a sidewalk]



Amir: Popped a molly, I'm sweatin', woo!



[Jake and a Police Officer approach]



Jake: Yeah, that's him.



Police Officer: We found him passed out outside of a Sports Authority shouting obscenities at strangers.



Jake: Is he dead?



Police Officer: Unfortunately, no.  He's just sleepy and frozen.



Amir: Woo!



[cut to credits]

													

														INTRO



JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.  This one's for all the pretty girls out there.



AMIR: Creep.



JAKE: What?







(Jake and Amir are at a bar for the entire episode)



AMIR: Feels kinda weird.



JAKE: Don't worry about it, man.  Hooking up with babes is like second nature to me.



AMIR: I know, I just, I haven't kissed anybody since you killed my girlfriend.



JAKE: Drop it, okay?  You can't poison tonight with your negative energy.







JAKE: (to GIRL #1)  You know, I always said a woman's place was in the kitchen...as the head chef...at a 5-star restaurant.



GIRL #1: Idiot. (walks away)



AMIR: (to GIRL #1 as she walks away) You heard him!  Get back in the kitchen, ya idiot!



JAKE: No, no







AMIR: (to GIRL #2) Hey girl, are you Enterprise?  Cuz I'll pick you up.



(GIRL #2 laughs)



(Amir tries to pick her up from her legs and she screams and falls back and hits the ground.  She starts moaning.)



AMIR: More like Hertz, I guess.



JAKE: Call an ambulance.



AMIR: I will!







JAKE: (Talking about a girl off-screen to his right) Hey dude, 3 o'clock.



AMIR: Oh yeah? am or pm?



JAKE: Doesn't matter.



AMIR: Well, analog or digital?  Cuz I can't read analog.



JAKE: You know, then it really doesn't matter.



AMIR: Well, is it the hour hand or the minute hand?



JAKE: Just, forget it.



AMIR: Very cool!



JAKE: It's to the right.



(Amir turns left)



JAKE: Other right.



(Amir turns left again)



JAKE: Wow!



(Amir keeps turning until he faces the direction the girl off-screen was in)



AMIR: Oh. She is hot.



JAKE: She's gone.



AMIR: Ooh yeah, she is...gone!



JAKE: Leave the bar, buddy.



AMIR: Absolutely.



(Amir starts walking)



JAKE: Door's the other way.



(Amir turns around and starts walking)



AMIR: OHMYGOD I'm an idiot!







(GIRL #1 that Amir made fall is on the bar.)



BARTENDER: (on the phone)  She's not conscious but she's breathing, yeah.



AMIR: (Yelling to people off-screen and pointing to the unconscious girl) Hey, body shots!







AMIR: (to GIRL # 3) Excuse me, are you a Capital One card?  Cuz, what's in YOUR wallet?



(GIRL #3 walks away, disgusted) 



JAKE: Nice.



AMIR: She must not watch commercials.  That's not on me.  It's a product of the DVR culture that we live in!







JAKE: (to GIRL #4) Hey...I made a bet with my friend here.



GIRL #4: What's the bet?



AMIR: Fuck if I know.



JAKE: He bet me I couldn't talk to the prettiest girl here - 



AMIR: Oh, I most certainly did not, I do not wager.



JAKE: shhh - and get her number.



AMIR: Bull shite!



GIRL #4: I'm gonna go.



(GIRL #4 walks away)



AMIR: (to GIRL #4 as she walks away) Please do!  This entire conversation is based on a false premise! (to Jake) Woah...swing and a diss.  Heh heh.  Was that wager for real, though?  Cuz if so, you owe me a G.







AMIR: (to GIRL #5) Girl, are you a Volkswagon?  Cuz, drivers wanted!



(GIRL #5 walks away)



AMIR: (to GIRL #5 as she walks away) Wow...another DVR girl...(shouting after girl) you can't fast forward through life!







(GIRL #6 is the same girl that Jake hit on in line in the episode Club)



GIRL #6: So...I will make out with you.  



JAKE: Awesome.



GIRL #6: Keep in mind, I will not like it!  



JAKE: Fine. Fine.



GIRL #6: AND you have to put your wallet in this jar of pickles.



JAKE: Oh wow, I'll just cancel my credit cards.  Bet you didn't think of that, dumb ass.



(Jake puts his wallet in the jar of pickles)



GIRL #6: AND your Iphone.



JAKE: Whew...you know what, that's almost a deal-breaker.  Oh, wait, no it's not!



(Jake dips the Iphone in the jar of pickles)



GIRL #6: Submerge it.



JAKE: Submerge it for second base.



GIRL #6: Okay, submerge it, and I'll let you kiss my hand.



(Jake lets the Iphone fall, and kisses Girl #6's hand)



JAKE: Worth it!



(Jake high-fives Amir and laughs a little)



JAKE: I hooked up!  I hooked up!







JAKE: Barkeep, come on, I need a bag of rice, stat!  I have to get my phone in rice in the next two minutes or she's a goner.  I know, cuz I've lost 6 other Iphones to that cruel mistress.



(to GIRL #7)



JAKE: Hey, if you think this is sad, you should read my diary.  Every single day reads like a fucking suicide note.



GIRL #7: Me too.  



JAKE: Yeeesh. Hey, I'm engaged, sweetheart.







AMIR: (to GIRL #8 and GIRL #9) Hey, who do you ladies think is better looking?  Me, or my boy over here.



JAKE: No, sorry, you know what?  Don't answer that.  Cuz either you guys are gonna tell the truth and hurt HIS feelings, or lie and hurt mine.



GIRL #8: It's him [Amir].  And I'm not lying.



JAKE:  Congratulations, friend, what's your name? What's your number?



(Silence)



JAKE: You know what, you have the least popular opinion in the bar.



GIRL #8 (to GIRL #9):  Who do you think is better looking?



GIRL #9: Glasses. [Amir]



JAKE: Yeah, fucking right!  How so??  How so??



AMIR: You're wrong.







JAKE: (to GIRL #6) This has been the highlight of my year.  What a ride.  Come here.



(Jake puts his arm around Girl #6's shoulders and pulls her in)



GIRL #6: Oh!



JAKE:  Can you, sorry, don't make that noise, cuz it makes me feel like shit.







(Amir walks on-screen, his shirt all orange)



AMIR: Okay, bad news bears, I think we have to go, as I was pepper sprayed just now, not once, but thrice in what I thought was a unisex bathroom.



JAKE: Don't worry, buddy.  Happens to me all the time.  (to bartender) Hey, barkeep, we need a glass of whole milk.  Okay, my friend here just had his mace cherry popped.



BARTENDER:  Yeah, you guys gotta leave.



JAKE: Okay, absolutely understandable.  I already hooked up tonight.  (to Amir) That burns your nostrils if you inhale it, dude.



EPISODE LINK

													

														INT. OFFICE- DAY Jake and Amir sit across from eachother. Amir is in a tuxedo. He lifts up a one hundred dollar bill on fire and lights a cigar.



AMIR: It's good to be the king!



JAKE: You shouldn't be doing that.



AMIR: It's not a JOINT. Besides, I CAN AFFORD IT.



JAKE: No it's like illegal. In New York. To smoke in a building.



AMIR: Shit. (extinguishes) Really? I don't wanna get in trouble. Not today.



Amir takes out a LITTLE HAND HELD FAN.



JAKE: Why do you have one of those?



AMIR: Now that I'm a rich bitch, I can buy anything I want.



JAKE: And one of the things you wanted was a tiny fan?



AMIR: Yeah!



JAKE: How are you rich?



AMIR: Great question!



JAKE: Nevermind.



AMIR: How many almonds would you say is the perfect amount?



JAKE: I said nevermind.



AMIR: I wanna know.



JAKE: I dunno. Two dozen?



AMIR: I am the proud owner of OneAlmond.com.



JAKE: What do you think I said?



AMIR: Huh?



JAKE: When you asked me how much is the perfect amount of Almonds, what do you think I said?



AMIR: Lemme rephrase that -- How much do you think Google.com is worth?



JAKE: Billions. Tens of Billions of Dollars.



AMIR: And OneAlmond.com?



JAKE: Zero dollars.



AMIR: Zero dollars or zero BILLION dollars?



JAKE: Both. Zero dollars.



AMIR: (hand extended) How much would you pay for court seats at the Yankees? Gun to your head how much would you pay for court seats to the Yankees.



JAKE: Don't put your hand up like that.



AMIR: How much would you pay?



JAKE: Put your hand down, that's... irritating me.



AMIR: What, why?



JAKE: It's like



AMIR: Invading your space?



JAKE: Yeah, it's like you're challenging me. Your interrupting me as you want me to speak and it makes me angry.



AMIR: What is it about One Almond that's just perfect?



JAKE: I don't know. Nothing?



AMIR: Don't just say nothing. Cause it's not just a domain name, I'm building an empire.



JAKE: Right now it's a photo of you, holding a single walnut.



AMIR: Almond.



JAKE: It's not.



AMIR: Ok you know what? No. How about no. For once, you're gonna tell me what you really think. Cause I'm a God damn genius and I'm tired of feeling like a chump in your eyes.



JAKE: I'm jealous, ok? I'm jealous I didn't think of onealmond.com first because I think it's a great idea and it's gonna be worth billions. I'm just being negative cause I'm jealous, there, that's it. Let's drop it.



AMIR: You mean that?



JAKE: Yeah.



AMIR (picks up his phone) Hey Danny? Yup, I talked to a colleague with a more level head as you suggested and guess what? HE AGREED WITH ME BITCH! SO TAKE YOUR OFFER AND GO FUCK YOURSELF WITH IT! I DON'T CARE IF MY ATTITUDE IS CLOSING THE DOOR FOR FUTURE NEGOTIATIONS! YOU'RE A RAT WEASLE. YOU ALWAYS HAVE BEEN, AND MAYBE NOT ALWAYS WILL BE BUT TO ME YOU WILL AT LEAST BE ONE. Double your offer!? DOUBLE YOUR BYE BYE!



JAKE: What's going on?



AMIR: Some billionaire real estate mogul called me this morning -- he's building a luxury highrise on ONE ALMOND street and offered me 1.5 million for the domain name, let alone the pic of me with that cashew or whatever the fuck.



JAKE: Walnut.



AMIR: Either way. I felt like I was sitting on a goldmine, and now my notion has been confirmed by YOU, my best friend. SO I guess I have you to SPANK for that.



Amir starts getting up.



JAKE: Sit down. Do not come over here to spank me.



AMIR: But I must. I must Spank you very much.



JAKE: Sit the fuck down dude, you're making me nervous.



Amir slides under the table.



JAKE: GET AWAY FROM ME DUDE!!!



THE END



POST SCRIPT: Amir trying desperately and realistically to spank Jake.

													

														INTRO

Jake - (Beatboxing) You're watching Jake and Amir



Amir - Pretty good.



Jake - It was great!







WILL: Paul will be in in a minute.



AMIR: Thanks, Will!



WILL: And, I know it's not my place. But I hope you not only get fired for what you did, but also get the death penalty. You Godless ass. You trash man.



AMIR: You're right, Will. It's not your place.



Amir flicks his tongue between his fingers.



WILL: You coward.



Will leaves.



AMIR: You Diva! You Prince! Thief!



An intern, Meryl, walks in.



MERYL: I'm sorry is this a bad time?



AMIR: Not for me it's not.



MERYL: It's Mr. Greenberg right? 



AMIR: Actually it's CEOh- yeah! MR. Mr. Greenberg to you.



MERYL: Ok. I'm Meryl. And I'm an intern here, and I really need to go home early today.



AMIR: Take a seat.



Meryl sits.



AMIR:  What's bothering you kid?



MERYL: It's kind of private.



AMIR: Well I'm kind of your boss. Right? And what you're doing is kind of affecting your performance, so unless you kinda tell me what's kinda private, I'm gonna fire you. And not in a kind of way. In an actual way.



MERYL: I just found out I'm six months pregnant.



AMIR: Oh?



MERYL: That's too late to terminate. My parents hate my boyfriend and they think I'm still a virgin. They're gonna disown me. I dunno what to do.



AMIR: Stop it, alright, Meryl, listen to me... Your-- your life is over.



MERYL - What?



AMIR: And not in a good way, not in like a LETS START OVER kinda way, in a, uh, I MIGHT AS WELL BE DEAD kinda way. (Chuckling) Welcome to Hell. Population... two.



MERYL: (tearing up) I know.



AMIR: Lemme ask you what does the old boyfriend have to say about this?



MERYL: Randy doesn't know yet.



AMIR: Wow gay name.



MERYL  I'm so afraid he's gonna leave me.



AMIR: Why are you afraid of that? Why aren't you sure that he will? I mean, I'm not afraid of the sun rising and setting tomorrow because I know it's going to happen. Right? You know what else I'm sure of? You're gonna raise that baby by yourself.



Meryl starts to cry.



AMIR: Don't cry, come on, don't cry. It's just that you're so ugly when you cry. It's true. You look ugly when you cry, I should say.



Meryl cries harder. Paul enters with Will.



PAUL: Well I don't know who you know in the DA's office, but the city's not going to press charges.



AMIR: Woo!



PAUL: However, I am going to fire you.



AMIR: No!!!



Will claps



PAUL (to Meryl): Who are you?



MERYL: I'm an intern. I was in here trying to cut out of work early to go to this fucking rave but this jackass has been grilling me so hard that I have to come clean. He has a keen sense of right and wrong and a true gravitas about him. In fact... permission to sit on your face?



AMIR: Denied!



PAUL: Re-hired!



AMIR: Hyeah!!!



WILL: What? But sir, this makes no sense!



PAUL: What are you gonna do. Hey Amir,  how'd you know she wasn't prgenant?



AMIR: To be honest, Paul, I didn't!



Everyone cracks up.



Jake walks in wearing a wife beater and covered in glowsticks.



JAKE: Hey Meryl did you get the day off yet? For your the uh... the pregnancy? Oh man, I'm high.



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														INTRO- AMIR: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.

DOOBS: And Penis.

BEN: I'm a guy you've never met before with a new job. We-ho!



INT: Movie Theater



JULIA: Thanks for coming. Nobody wants to see indie movies anymore.



JAKE: Yeah, right man. I love indie movies. Like, um...there's this one called Momento. That I really dug. It was like...Everybody says it's backwards, but personally, I liked it. 



(Amir enters)

AMIR: Hi. Sorry. Sorry. (Laugh)



JAKE: I'm on a date.



AMIR: Double date.



JAKE: How on Earth is this a double date? You didn't bring anyone.



AMIR: I thought you said you, were going to split this chick in half?



JULIA: Jake!



JAKE: I didn't say-



(Enter Usher singing)

USHER: (Singing) Let's all go to the movies. Let's all go to the movies. Let's all go to the movies, and get our selves a-

(Throw candy at Jake's head)



JAKE: OW!



USHER: Snack is the word, not ouch. Ladies and gentlemen, I am a man you've never seen before with a very ordinary name and a very regular occupation. I'm obviously, I am a, um...(point to Amir) 



AMIR: Usher!



USHER: Usher! Not this Usher. (Singing) You don't want to see me dance, all the time. (Talking) I don't his song. I don't know him. But a different usher. I usher in men and women towards the bathrooms.



JAKE: (Overlapping Usher's last line) Will you stop. We know you. 



USHER: You've never met me before in your entire life.



JAKE: Yes I have! You always make up some weird name.



USHER: Jake, you're being insane.



JAKE: You know MY name.



USHER: Yeah because maybe I have sucked on that- I don't know you. What I can tell you is I have a very ordinary name much like everybody else in the world.



JAKE: What is it?



USHER: You want to know my name?



JAKE: Yep.



USHER: Right now?



JAKE: Yes.



USHER: (Elongating every word) Sue-lue Candles.



JAKE: Sue-Lue Candles?



USHER: Who woulda thunk it?



JAKE: That's not a normal name at all.



USHER: Here we go! Ladies and gentlemen, today what we have for you is something very unique, very special. We have an independent movie and in the audience, we have the director, the writer, it's producer (pronounced pra-doucer), and it's co-star. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the sensational mister-



(Doobs appears behind seats)

DOOBS: Penis Scarlett Johansson Anal. Good luck making fun of that, A-squirdge.



AMIR: No!



DOOBS: Yes!



AMIR: Sorry, Scar-Jo.



DOOBS:Curse you!



JAKE: Scar-Jo's not bad! You know, if you took out Scarlett Johansson your name is just Penis Anal.



DOOBS:Oh! I would love to be just Penis Anal.



AMIR: And I'd love to take out Scarlett Johansson.



DOOBS:I hope there is a bowl filled to the brim with eggs all over your stupid face. I offered you this part of the lead 10 years ago and you turned it down.



AMIR: The script was poor.



DOOBS: Well now I'm filthy, stinkin' rich when this things gets released to the public. And I hope it bites you on your filthy, little ass. Just like your father did to me with his tiny, spindly, little legs.



JAKE: Your dad bit him on the ass with his legs?



USHER: Jakey, jakey eggs and stupid! No, no, no. Just because those lips are super good at (mimic eating a dick) munching down on some d, doesn't mean they can ask questions. There will be a Question and Answer at the end. No more questions. Ever again. I have a question.



DOOBS: Yes, you. The bell hop.



USHER: How thin are Amir's father's legs?



DOOBS: Nightmare-ishly thin. 3 centimeters in diameter. No bones, just blood and skin. He wrapped them around my waist like a limp garden hose and no matter how hard I struggled to get free, he'd put them tighter and tighter like a boa constrictor. Or worse still, a garden snake! You know, I still have dreams about them. 



AMIR: Nightmares?



DOOBS: No, A-smears, dreams.



USHER: Would you like a snack?



DOOBS: I'd love one.



USHER: Up.



DOOBS: Alley-oop

(Candy hits Jake in the face again)



JAKE: Ow.



USHER: Ladies and gentlemen, to the 3 people in the audience and the dozens and dozens of people who refused to show up-



DOOBS: Sold out!



USHER: We present to you a movie that will rock the mushroom off your dick!



DOOBS: And the shaft!



USHER: And the veins!



DOOBS: And the sack!



USHER: And the balls!



DOOBS: And the pussies.



USHER: We present to you,



USHER and DOOBS: Silver Linings Gay-book



USHER: Starring



USHER and DOOBS: Bradley Pooper



USHER: And one



USHER and DOOBS: Penis Scarlett Johansson Anal. (Singing) Let's go out to the movies. Let's go out to the movies. (Usher and Doobs exit)



THE END



EPISODE LINK

													

														Jake and Amir: Movie Date 2 (with Ben Schwartz and Thomas Middleditch)

[INTRO]:

PENIS: And now... The thrilling conclusion-

BEN: I started a fire we all have to go!

(Everyone yells)

[VIDEO]:

(JAKE, JULIA and AMIR are sitting in the theatre)

BEN: We present to you:

BEN and PENIS: Silver Linings Gaybook.

BEN: Starring:

BEN and PENIS: Bradley Pooper and one Penis Scarlett Johansson Anal.

[TITLE]: 'Three-and-a-Half  Hours Later...'

(JULIA and AMIR are clapping enthusiastically while JAKE has his head in his hands)

BEN (Singing): Ooh, bravissimo! (Speaking) What a fantastic, wonderful movie, if you're looking for your socks they're right over there, they got blown right off ladies and gentlemen! This is time for the question and answers portion, you ask a question, and this man right here (pointing to PENIS) will answer it. (To PENIS) And your name has changed?

PENIS: Yes, yes.

BEN: OK, Of course, of course.

PENIS: I have changed my name yet again to something that can't possibly be made fun of. My new name- is Robert Cut Off My Own Penis Fatty-fatty Nana Smoke A Bowl Full Of Sour Cream Vege Burrito Penis. (To AMIR) Good luck making fun of that, Asnir.

AMIR: Look's like ya stumped me. Bobby.

PENIS (Annoyed): Oooh! Curse you...

BEN: Well done.

JAKE: What the fuck did I just watch?

BEN: Ooh, good question, he asked: "What the fuck did I just watch".

PENIS: Hold on, you don't know?

BEN: Oh no.

PENIS: You there in the middle, the blue, you don't know?

BEN: Blue.

PENIS: Well if you don't know,you didn't watch, and if you didn't watch we all gotta watch it again.

JAKE: No...

BEN: Let's go Samuel!

(Simultaneously)

JAKE: No, no, no, no!

[TITLE]: 'Four Hours Later...'

(Everyone is clapping except for JAKE, who again has his head in his hands. BEN is singing)

BEN (To PENIS): How did you do it my friend, it seems like that was thirty minutes longer.

PENIS: It was

BEN: I have a question if you don't mind. (To audience) You guys mind? Don't care what you say. My question is: what were your motives? Why did you choose to do this as a movie?

PENIS: Yes, well when I first conceived of the plot and the story I was in a cave in Siberia.

(PENIS continues to talk while BEN climbs over the front row of seats onto JULIA)

BEN: S'cuse me

JULIA: Oh my god!

JAKE (Holding off BEN): Whoah.

BEN: S'cuse me I'm getting my seat.

JULIA: Jake! His-

BEN: I'm getting my seat-

JULIA: -dick is in my face!

JAKE: Get away!

BEN: I'm getting my seat. (To JULIA) Maam, what's your name?

JULIA: Julia.

BEN: Franklin, let me ask you this-

JAKE: Wrong.

BEN: Do you wanna get with a hero, a zero, or a gero. (Holding up a burrito)

JULIA: Oh my god...

JAKE: No it's prounounced 'hero' still.

BEN: Um...

JULIA: Whoah, what is that?

BEN: This one is made of lamb (pronouncing the 'b') but the B is silent.

JAKE: That B wasn't silent-

BEN: Aah! The beginning one was, Jake! Blamb? (Pronouncing both Bs) Maybe you've heard of it?

JAKE: Actually I haven't!

(BEN leans over to JAKEs crotch with the burrito yelling loudly, JAKE pushes him away)

JAKE: Hey! No!

BEN: Just kidding, (singing) it's a joke, it's a joke...

BEN: ...it's a joke, it's a joke.

(Simultaneously)

JAKE: Not funny.

BEN (To PENIS): You were saying when you were- had to- eat.

(BEN moves over to PENIS again, who is still talking, oblivious to what has been going on)

BEN: (Clapping) Good! Good, good, good, good, good, good. UN-believable.

PENIS: Yeah.

BEN: Do you mind if I ask you another follow up question?

PENIS: Yeah.

BEN: Fantastic, do you have any ideas for maybe, I don't know- a sequel?

PENIS: Mmmm, I've got ideas for a squeak-quel.

BEN: Tell me.

PENIS: Well this time around I don't want any studio muckin' it up with all its bullshit, grass-roots, guerilla-style film making...

(BEN moves back over to the audience, climbing over JULIA)

JAKE: Get your head out of there!

BEN: Excuse me!

JULIA: Why is he trying to put his face in your crotch?

JAKE: I don't know-

BEN (Sitting on top of JULIA's armrest, to JULIA): Hey, Deborah, I've got a question...

JULIA: Hey!

BEN: Did your head hurt?

JULIA: No, it doesn't hurt.

BEN: Did your head hurt when you rose from hell and you hit your head on the ceiling, you- devil angel.

JULIA: What? Are you trying to pick me up?

BEN: I don't know

(Simultaneously)

JAKE: Bad line.

BEN: Are you trying to pick me up? It seems like you are! If it's not me then who? Who do you love?

(JAKE is pointing to himself)

JULIA: (Sighs) I actually have a really big crush on... Amir.

(PENIS is sitting where AMIR was sitting)

JAKE (To PENIS): Jesus Christ dude, if you're here then who's doing the Q and A?

(AMIR is now sitting in PENIS's old seat.)

AMIR: I shouldn't- BUT I DID!

JAKE (To PENIS): This is your movie, you should be up there right?

PENIS: Will you be quiet? I'm trying to listen to the Q and A. But I already got what I came here for. (To JULIA) Amir you say? Hmmm. Very interesting. (He gets out of his seat)

AMIR (Loudly): ...and that's what I call...

AMIR and PENIS: ...an ice cream social!

(BEN walks over, AMIR gets back up and returns to his seat)

BEN (Clapping): Unbelievable! Fantastic job. Now, does anybody else have any other questions?

PENIS: I have a question.

BEN (Shocked): What?

PENIS: Yeah, brother. (Shaking hands with BEN) It's for the lady. (To JULIA) Julie, will you marry me? (He pulls out a ring) Knowing full well that you will be used in the ongoing chess match that is the life between Amir and myself. (Quietly) You the pawn and me the queen.

JULIA (Without hesitation): Yes. Yes, yes I will!

PENIS (Giving JULIA the ring): Then you are my wife! Welcome to Hollywood, kid, you got moxie and I like it.

JAKE: I don't think that's official, you need a priest or something.

(BEN appears, wearing a priest costume)

BEN: I am a priest! Congratulations, you have been wedding-ed (pronouncing an H before W)

JULIA (To PENIS): I'm gonna give you so many babies.

PENIS: I'm gonna hit it. And everytime I hit it, I'm gonna think of Amir.

JAKE: No, I don't think that's the insult you want it to mean-

AMIR: Yes! It is.

(PENIS laughs)

BEN: I now pronounce you: man and wife (Pronouncing an H before W)

(PENIS and JULIA hold hands)

JAKE: Still not official-

BEN (Singing, throwing cinema snacks over everyone): Celebration!

(Simultaneously)

JAKE: Stop! Stop!													

														Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!

Amir: That's an oxymoron.

Jake: How?

Amir: What?

Amir: March Madness Bracket, huh? This year I filled out a March Madness packet! 100 different permutations, each one representing every single possible outcome!

Jake: There are 68 games, there are way more than 100 possible outcomes.

Amir: Fook me, huh? No, Fook Duke!

Jake: I didn't say fook you.

Amir: It's a joke, Jake, okay? I can't set it up and knock it down, just play along for once! God damn it!

Amir: Who do you have as your write-in candidate?

Jake: There is no write-in candidate.

Amir: Exactly right. It was a trick question.

Jake: You have Mickey Mouse in your Final Four.

Amir: Trick question I said! As in he's a tricky little mouse bitch who can scamper his way past the Elite Eight. I'm not saying I'm proud of the little rat diva but I can say I can see him doing it! Also, don't look at my sheet! Look at my sheet, that's a cheat! Thats a DQ!

Jake: Hey! Stop it!

Amir: Minnesota, huh? How about a mini soda?

(Raises small Coke)

Amir: Is there a size Coke that would have made you laugh?

Jake: No it's just that you've filled out--

Amir: Ole Miss! Donald. Bet the farm. E-i-e-i. No!

Jake: When do you do this?

Amir: What?

Jake: When do you come up with these shitty rhymes?

Amir: It's not even a "my jokes are bad" thing, I know you think it's that way, but that mini soda thing crushed yesterday at my cousin's brit.

Jake: Ew!

Amir: I really think that the diva mouse can take it this year, this crazy little shifty mouse.

Jake: I know that's what you think.

Amir: No, I'm serious! I mean, he's got a snowball's chance in hell, sure, but in this tournament that's all you need. I mean, who had 'Nova topping Georgetown in '85, nobody.

Jake: People had it. I mean, it was a long shot, but at least it was a basketball team.

Amir: Fuckin' asshole.

Jake: What?! What did you just say? Say it again.

Amir: Butler University. Hey Jake, the butler did it! They're Final Four bound. And gagged!

Jake: You crossed them out.

Amir: What?

Jake: You don't have Butler, you crossed them out. That's where you wrote Mickey Mouse.

Amir: That tricky mouse fink is up to tricks! I didn't cross them out, you gotta believe me. Do you believe me?

Jake: No!

Amir: This year's Cinderella story? It's gonna be me! I'm gonna wear a gown to the Final Four and sit on a pumpkin instead of a seat.

What's the opposite of a Prince Charming, you ask. How about a Dunce Harming?

Jake: Not quite buddy. A dunce, a prince, not quite.

Amir: Yeah, I know it's not quite there, I was just hoping you weren't listening.

Jake: You talk, hoping I'm not listening?

Amir: Oh, Syracuse winning it all, huh? Bold!

Jake: You don't like that pick?

Amir: No, I love that pick. Especially because it's 2003, right? Carmelo's still playing basketball? We just killed Saddam Hussein, so that's a positive.

Jake: I get it.

Amir: What?

Jake: I get it!

Amir: So, George gets a town, Louis gets a ville, and what does little ol' Amir get? Nothing but a public urination ticket and a slap on the wrist. That's not fair.

Jake: What?

Amir: Whoah, great news! In your world, iTunes just launched, that's a great investment opportunity!

Jake: I'll change the pick!

Amir: Why would you? I'm sure the Governator, you know Arnold Schwarzenegger, the new governor of California would endorse your pick, especially if he just got finished watching Finding Nemo, the new Pixar flick that just came out!

Jake: How do you know so much about 2003?!

Amir: How do you know so little about basketball?!

Jake: You still have MICKEY MOUSE winning it all!

Amir: That's because he's a diva little mousey bitch!													

														Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, and you're beautiful just the way you are.

Jake: That's nice.

Amir: I was talking to you.

Jake: No.

Jake: Morning, man.

Amir: (turns around with a baby in a carrier) WAZZUP!

Jake: No. No, okay?

Amir: Oh yeah!

Jake: Tell you what, dude... Just give me??give me the.. child, and uh... get out of here. Leave.

Amir: This is my baby, Bjorn. In a BabyBjrn. Guess what day he was bjorn (born).

Jake: I don't care what day he was bjorn (born). I care about his family, okay? His mom and dad who miss him, and??

Amir: I'm his daddy now! (to baby) Isn't that right, little pig shit?

Jake: Don't.. do that, man.

Amir: Relax, dude, okay? Come over tonight, hey? We'll rent a movie: The Bjorn (Bourne) Identity, starring Jason Bjorn (Bourne)?

Jake: It's actually starring Matt Damon.

Amir: Oh yeah, the guy from Outbreak, with the airbjorn (airborne) illness.

Jake: You're thinking of Contagion now.

Amir: Guess what my favorite tennis player is.

Jake: Bjrn Borg.

Amir: Patrick.. Rafter. ...He was a bjorn (born) winner.

Jake: Stop saying "bjorn." You know what? I'm calling the police. I feel like I've been doing this way too much recently.

Amir: You're gonna look like such a fool when they get here.

Jake: (on phone) Doubtful.

[A cop enters near Amir.]

Cop: There he is.

Jake: (lowers phone) Wow, they didn't even need to pick up. Sir, I can and will testify against this.. criminal.

Cop: Let me see those hands.

Jake: You heard the man.

Cop: So I can shake them.

Jake: What?

Cop: Permission to congratulate the hero that saved my son's life.

Amir: (pause, inhales) Denied.

Cop: (nods) Understood.

Jake: What's going on right now?

Cop: I was walking my child to daycare when I heard gunfire. A lot of people were dying, and I froze. But this brave, brave man stepped forward and took my son off my hands so I could apprehend a murderer.

Jake: You sure he didn't just take advantage of the situation in order to steal your baby?

Cop: WOW. Permission to kick this man's ass, sir.

Amir: Denied. Denied.

Jake: I just got this text message from him five minutes ago. "Hey dude, jacked a baby on the way to work. This is gonna be hilarious. From a cop, no less. A little piggy."

Cop: Let me see that.

Jake: Sure thing. Yeah, you know what, in fact, anything I can do to help. I always wanted to be a police officer myself, and uh, I guess this makes it official??Hey! Come on... [The cop crushes Jake's phone.] God...

Cop: (hands remains to Jake) Now it doesn't say anything.

Jake: Holy crap, that was so??that was, like, insanely easy for you, huh? You are strong as shit. This is like??that's a 4 so that's a heavier phone, there's a steel band, I mean??holy wow, that is...

Cop: Permission to hug my son again, sir. Permission to squeeze his rosy cheeks.

Amir: Oh! You wanna.. squeeze these cheeks, huh? These, uh??this cute little face, this chunky munchkin little grapefruit guy, huh? You wanna squeeze this little squeezeball? (laughs)

Cop: Yes, very much so.

Amir: Denied.

Cop: You are the boss of me. (salutes) [The baby makes a "goo" sound as Amir squeezes his cheeks.]

Jake: Dude... go take your son back. [The cop puts Jake in an armlock.] HEY! OW! AH!

Cop: Permission to break this perp's arm, sir!

Jake: (in pain) I'm not a perp! Deny him! Deny him!

Amir: (moving baby's mouth to match his words) ...Granted.

Jake: NO...!

Cop: NYAHHH!!! (breaks Jake's arm)

Jake: AHHH!!!

THE END													

														Amir: Hey, you're not watching Jake and Amir!

Jake: What?

Amir: Reverse psychology.

Jake: It's not.

Amir: It is!

[Jake and Amir approach each other when Amir suddenly throws red liquid onto Jake's sweater.]

Amir: Fur is murder!

Jake: Son of a bitch, I'm not wearing any fur.

Amir: Oh, please...

Jake: You're wearing fur! You're wearing a lot of fur! Fur coat! Fur hat! That's??Yeah, that's a mink scarf! [Amir bobs up and down.] I see it!

Amir: I didn't kill these animals!

Jake: You know, there's also a dead iguana in your pocket. [Camera pans down to pocket iguana, then back to Amir.]

Amir: ...Or am I just happy to see you.

Jake: It's a dead iguana.

Amir: I'm also happy to see you!

Jake: What animals do you think I killed to make this sweater?

Amir: It doesn't matter; you know why? (raises Jakes arm) 'Cause there's blood on your hands!

Jake: (lowers arm) Paint.

Amir: No, that's??that's actually possum blood; I'm sorry.

Jake: Oh my god...

Amir: What, do you want me to pay for the dry cleaning??all right, how much do I owe you? (throws bills) One hundred? Two hundred? Take the frickin' money. Three hundred?

Jake: Stop it! Your wallet is a dead rat!

Amir: Oh! Very clever! Har, har, har!

Jake: I'm not trying to be clever; it looks like you cut open a dead rat. Maybe it was alive when you did it, and then you filled it with bloody money.

Amir: (in a British accent) Bloody money! Bloody money! You're not British, man! [Pause, then Jake pushes Amir.] OH! [Jake grabs Amir.] AH! [Jake pushes Amir away.] UH!

Jake: All right, you know what? I wanna know why you did this; walk me through your logic. Take your time. I will not interrupt you.

Amir: It's actually kinda silly. (laughs) I woke up late??

Jake: You're an asshole.

Amir: Whoa! You said you wouldn't interrupt me!

Jake: You know what I think happened? I think you got into the idea of owning fur after some weird conversation you had with your cousin Leron or some strange show you saw on TV. You became fur-obsessed, going on a morbid spending spree. And when you ran out of acceptable animals to wear on your body, your blood-thirsty raid took you to the deep, dark corners of the animal wear/ware kingdom, like that pocket iguana or your rat wallet. Either way, you reek of mink and rat blood! So go home! (pause)

Amir: Can I talk?

Jake: No.

Amir: Are you done?

Jake: No, you can go home.

Amir: Can I speak now??

Jake: You know, why don't you at least admit that you're hot in that jacket right now?

Amir: I'm boiling. Maybe I can join you in your ivory tower for just a couple minutes, and that'll help me cool off. Or I can hop upon your high horse, and we can go for a ride! You know what? I got this idea from having a conversation with my cousin Leron, not from a "television show," as you astutely observed.

Jake: You know, I also said that. That was my first guess.

Amir: Secondly, yeah! I became fur-obsessed! You know, it's my nature to take things too far; some people love me for that.

Jake: Nobody loves you.. for anything.

Amir: (pretend stabs heart) OH!

Jake: No, that did hurt you; I know it.

Amir: A little bit, yes, because I didn't think you'd get that personal.

Jake: Just move on.

Amir: I became blood-hungry! Sure, who wouldn't? And who wouldn't feel a little bit guilty after strangling a scared iguana? Obviously, animals can't... (laughs) talk! But this little guy was begging me with his eyes for mercy. I don't know if you've ever seen an iguana cry before, but I know for a fact that I have.

Jake: Can you stop talking about strangling the iguana?

Amir: And as for your last point, I think I will go home as this has turned into a public shaming of me! Adieu!

Jake: Are you wearing dead doves on your feet?

Amir: THEY'RE RAVENS.

Jake: They're white.

Amir: THEY'RE... DOVES.

THE END													

														Intro:

Amir: Hey you're watching Bill and Ted

Jake: Nope they're not...

Amir: WELL I AM!

Jake: DON'T cry and pinch me..

Amir: (in the tune of Pink: Party Started) I'm coming out so you better get the party started, I'm coming out I'm coming..

Jake: You okay?

Amir: OKAY? I'm better than okay, I'M GAY, best part of my day, we're officially now husbands with each other

Jake: No, what are you talking about?

Amir: I saw your Facebook profile pic dude, with the eh the pink minus'

Jake: The equal sign

Amir: No they were like two dashes

Jake: IT'S A EQUAL SIGN, I'M RIGHT

Amir: NO the two, the dashes that are like...

Jake: It's an EQUAL SIGN yeah..

Amir: Whatever...

Jake: NO WHATEVER, did you really just not know what an equal sign was

Amir: I forgot...

Jake: It's like the first thing they teach you

Amir: Either way, since we have to get married gay, I thought I'd... (Stumbles on words) I thought I'd have to snatch

Jake: Yeah it's fine, not everything you say has to rhyme

Amir: I thought I'd had to snatch you up before some other beautiful bow out there did

Jake: Okay, No, just no, you've got this entirely wrong

Amir: Oh my god, I feel a fool

Jake: As you should

Amir: Who is he?

Jake: No...

Amir: (gradually getting louder) At least give me the curtsey of telling me his name so I can CURSE HIM AT NIGHT

Jake: Nobody has to get gay married

Amir: wwwwwhat are you talking about

Jake: Marriage Equality doesn't mean I have to marry another guy

Amir: Mmmmm yeah it does (giggle)

Jake: Mmmmm No it doesn't

Amir: Mmmmm then why else would people be so pissed you nim-rod

Jake: You're the dumb one

Amir: The conservative right, yeah, they've been vehemently opposed to this issue, and you know why, because they are forcing people to get gay married, i mean i wouldn't want to be forcibly gay married to someone unless i knew someone as chill as you that i would down to settle down with...

Jake: No

Amir: ...maybe start a family with someday...I know I know someday you have a career

Jake: Some people just don't believe that same sex couples should be allowed to marry

(Silent, then Amir laughs uncontrollably)

Jake: I'm not joking

Amir: THAT'S WHY I'M MARRYING YOU

Jake: I'M NOT JOKING

(Amir goes serious)

Amir: Jesus...that's fucked up

Jake: I know...

Amir: Who are they to tell us how to live our lives...

Jake: You're right...but...me and you...we're not gay...

Amir: ahuh...like hell we aren't, you're my best friend

Jake: yeah that's not gay you just wanna hang out with me all the time

Amir: HOHOHAHA aren't you Mr Confident, no wonder you found a husband so fast, hey tell me? is he a chubby hubby like the Ben and Jerry's flavour hahha

Jake: Bad joke...

Amir: WHATS HIS NAME!!!!!!

Jake: I just think if people wanna get married they should be allowed to

Amir: Agreed, except for me and you evidently, you know my mother was right, CONGRADULATIONS JAKE, you're married to a divorcee and a fiance

Jake: That's not how that works, and I think our marriage is a sham anyway because aside from meeting to agree to it I probably should have at least been present at the ceremony

Amir: You know I thought so too much for three hand jobs and a bottle of Nytol that drag queen down in the west villages was singing a different tune

Jake: Awful, Disgusting, Unofficial...

Amir: And yet here we are...Officially Wed (Produces wedding certificate) Till death do we shart...HO YEAH (starts to "shart")

Jake: Don't try to shart, don't do this!!

Amir: (Still Sharting) It's natural baby

Jake: It's not natural you're forcing it out

Amir: It's a coincidence

Jake: It's not a coincidence, your voice is...strayed

Amir: Here comes the tadpole, just one, little, guppy, flying, out of my, rectum, ohhhhhh, HI DE HO, ehehaha

Jake: That was so much more than a tadpole, or a guppy

Amir: Can you believe that you have to be with this ass for the rest of your life,

Credit Roll

Special Message:

Jake: Hey Jake and Amir here, that might of been a silly video but it did have an important message

Amir: That's right there is nothing funny about sharting

Jake: We all know somebody whos sharted

Amir: That's right we share the freeways with them, subways, office building, schools...they deserve the same rights as we do...sharters do...

Jake: Support gay marriage													

														INTRO:

JAKE: Hey, you're watching jake and amir.

AMIR: And there's a small chance that nobody will come to your funeral.

JAKE: Unnecessarily mean.

[Jake is doing work, and Amir is watching him. Amir burps and smiles, then makes weird faces, as if saying "ooh no big deal".]

AMIR: (quietly) Whatever.

(Jake barely acknowledges him.)

AMIR: ...Jake.

JAKE: Amir.

AMIR: ...Call me Jake. (chuckles)

JAKE: Absolutely not.

AMIR: I have a feeling you'll be calling me all day and night. To thank me for the gift that I got you when you open your drawer and find it.

JAKE: I'll look after work, alright?

AMIR: You'll look before work! You'll look before work or I'll take it back!

JAKE: Don't get mad at me, okay? Work's already started, one, and two: fine, dude, take it back.

AMIR: That was an idle threat you ingrate! Open the fricken drawer! Open the fricken box!--

JAKE: Jesus! Jesus! Fine! Fine.

(Jake takes out colorfully wrapped present and Amir smiles at him.)

JAKE: You know, and just so you know, the thought of you brainstorming a gift, going out shopping for a gift, buying something and then wrapping it up with this little bow and sneaking it into work and hiding it in my desk...--

AMIR: (laughing) Right, it's great!

JAKE: No, it's not great!

(Amir stops smiling.)

JAKE: It really freaks me out, and I don't think you should do- (takes a Rolex out of the box) and this is a Rolex! It's a Rolex, buddy!

AMIR: You know how you're always like, uhh, "What time is it?" (chuckles)

JAKE: I've never said that to you before.. in my life.

AMIR: Well, it's time for me to get you a new watch.

(Jake studies the watch.)

(Amir makes a strange face.)

AMIR: Fffffuck off for not laughing at that, you DIVA-- you diva little--

JAKE: (while Amir is talking) You're an ass. You're an asshole! I don't want this gift from you!

AMIR: --I'm sorry, you're a cunt!

JAKE: Shut up dude! You just yelled "cunt" in the office.

AMIR: I'm sorry. I'm sorry for that it was obviously a little too much.

JAKE: Alright, you know what? (Jake gets up and walks over to Amir. Amir stands up as well.)

AMIR: You're right, what are we doing? This isn't us! (Chuckles and then goes in for a hug, but Jake pushes him back.) Oh.

JAKE: Don't.. hug me. No, okay? (picking up a folder off Amir's desk) What is this manila folder (looking through the folder) Sketches. Photos. A VENN DIAGRAM. I mean dude, this is psychotic!

AMIR: What's psychotic is you trying to embarrass me for caring about you too much.

JAKE: You wrote a teleplay... A full-on script about how you wanted this moment to play out!

AMIR: And the messed-up thing? I was pretty fricken close.

JAKE: You weren't at all! "Upon seeing the watch he's dreamt of but never described aloud, Jake cries tears of soy."? Is that a typo?

AMIR: (slightly exasperated at how Jake could think that) No. I don't mistype.

JAKE: You wrote my name as "J J K A E" every single time.

AMIR: Poetic license.

JAKE: "He realizes only his soulmate could've seen into his mind's eye and found his dream watch, the same one he never knew he even wanted." (Amir puts his fingers to his temples and then points at Jake, smiling.) "Jake is struck by the awe of this moment." You know.. that's too much scene direction.

AMIR: It's supposed to come through in the performance.

JAKE: Bad writing.

AMIR: Bad writing huh? Nah. (grabs his collar and jerks his hands forward, letting go.)

JAKE: Bad me, I know.

AMIR: ...Bad you!

JAKE: Right, I said that.

AMIR: Try it on! Do me the courtesy!

JAKE: (exasperated) I actually can't try it on, 'cause I don't know how many links you got removed from this thing, but it might as well be a ring.

AMIR: We all know you have notoriously small wrists.

JAKE: Nobody has wrists this small; they'd be dead.

AMIR: Then I can return it

JAKE: You know, I'm not sure you can, 'cause according to your script, you ripped up the receipt in front of the watch salesman. You said "What's your return policy? Because if you think Jake will ever return this, it's a fallacy."

AMIR: Yeah and you know what he did?

JAKE: According to your script he "cried tears of soy."

AMIR: (simultaneously with Jake) CRIED TEARS OF SOY, yeah, exactly right!

JAKE: That's not a real thing. That can't happen.

AMIR: Really? Okay, here we go, 'cause look at this! (Wipes away a soy tear from his eye and shows it to Jake.)

JAKE: Huh!

AMIR: Yeah!

JAKE: Oh my god, HELP US!

AMIR: I'm cryin'!

JAKE: He's crying soy!

AMIR: Tears of soy!

JAKE: Tears of soy!

AMIR: (crying) Oh, I'm beefing! I'm beefing soy!													

														J: What's up? It's Jake and Amir! A: Ooh, what's up, you're a real rap star. J: Shut up.

J: C'mon baby, c'mon fever mode. OH! FEVER MODE! Yes. Let me show this game my "oh!" face. Oh, oh,-... Agh! Damnit.

Amir arrives and sits next to him on couch

A: What are you doing?

J: Trying to play Tiny Wings man! What're you doing, trying to ruin my life. Wait, scratch that, succeeding in Ruining. My. Life.

A: There was a company-wide meeting and you weren't there and people got concerned because they haven't seen you around the office!

J: Really? They couldn't jus' figure out I had better things to POO!?

Jake makes loud and crude farting noises, and gestures his phone coming out of his pants

J: OH! plugs nose

There is a complete silence for a good 10 seconds.

A: Uh, you okay?

J: I'm fine.

A: Why don't you take a break from playing this g-

J: DEAD ARM! CHARLIE HORSE! Slap to the face. Hits Amir in the arm, leg and slaps him

J: Sorry to beat you, just that I've been on a beating kick lately. I, uh, beat the game! chuckles

A: You haven't beat the game yet, you have one objective le-

J: I still basically beat the game! You ass! Yeah, I have one objective left, I just can't get 200 coins.

A: I've done that.

J: Have you also done Cindy Crawford, while you're still lying about shit? A: Cindy Crawford?

J: Hottest model around. Cindy.com/photo-gallery? Yeah! Yummy yummy, on my thumby! Ms. Crawford, have a seat! Uh-oh! I've got a Cindy Popsicle now! licks

A: pulls out iPhone Look. 240 coins, that's my record, okay?

J:Congrats, bud! You officially have more free time than me. As a prize, you get to do it on my phone, and if you don't, I'm 'onna tell everybody that you kissed a prince.

A: Whatd'ya mean, kissed a-

Jake pecks him on the cheek

A: What the hell wa-

J: PRINCE.

Amir takes Jake's phone and starts playing

J: Good height! Start out high on the first jump.

Amir jolts the phone a little higher

J: I do that all the time, man. Why don't you get a cloud touch? Simple, bitch.

A: I am!

J: I call it a cloud much! Because, I do it, muchly. High jump! Except you don't get extra points for jumping high, do you?

A: On this game, yes.

J: Not coins, though! We're looking for coins, aren't we bud! You really are a simple, simple...

A: 201 coins!

J: BITCH! Jake takes the phone and finishes the game

J: Lemme play! Haha! 213 coins! I got 213!

A: I got the first 201 for you-

J: And I got the last 12, okay? I took it home! .. I'm a golden god, and you're a troll named Rod.

Amir starts beefing

J: Sorry, Rod, but it's true!

A: NO!

J: Unfortunately, you are a troll named Rod, and that is your name. And I'd know that because I got 213 coins on my first try, didn't I Rod?

Streeter walks in the room

Streeter: Hey, Jake and Amir. You guys didn't come to the all-hands meeting and now Paul wants to see you.

J: You mean Jake and Rod?

Streeter: Yeah. Are you making him cry?

A: How can I not cry? I'm a troll and worst part of all.. My name's ROD!

Jake cracks up

Jake, talking to Streeter: Rod, dude, Rod! I came up with that shit.

cuts to Paul's office

Paul: I think you guys now why I'm here. I heard you got 200 coins in Tiny Wings.

J: It's true, I can, not Rod.

A: Nooooo.

Paul: Quiet, Rod.

J: Yeah, shut up, Rod!

Paul: Shut the fuck up, Rod!

J: Yeah, Rod, who even invited you in here to talk?

Paul: Jesus, Rod, just keep your mouth shut for once.

J: Get out of here, Rod!

Paul: Who is this Rod guy?

J: I don't even know! His name's Rod!

Paul: Did you bring Rod in here?

J: He follows me around!

Paul: I'm too busy for Rod's bullshit.

J: So am I, sir!													

														JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!

AMIR: Jake or Amir, you mean.

JAKE: No, they're not.

AMIR: Right...

[Jake and Amir are at their desks. Amir is playing with two plastic dinosaur toys.]

AMIR: Hallelujah? Nah... holla me. Yeah!

[Amir makes the T-Rex bite the stegosaurus's jugular, groans for emphasis, and makes a fart noise. Jake's phone rings, and he picks it up.]

JAKE: [on the phone] Hey! Hey, yeah, I was wondering if you could come to that meeting today.

[Amir, believing he's being spoken to, snaps to attention and slams the toys onto the desk.]

AMIR: Me?

[Jake continues on the phone.]

JAKE: [on the phone] Yeah, yeah. In the, uh... junior conference room.

AMIR: Yeah! Uh... totally. The junior--? Which one's the junior conference room?

JAKE: [on the phone] It's at, uh, three-thirty?

AMIR: Absolutely! Are-- you sure you're gonna want me there? I mean, don't get me wrong, I'm thrilled. I'm just a little... thrown off, is all.

JAKE: [on the phone] We could push it to four...

AMIR: No need! Three-thirty's actually better for me 'cause I have this cardiologist appointment that I'd hate to push...

JAKE: [on the phone] Alright. Four's good.

AMIR: Fine, okay, I'll-- ...yeah, I'll make things work; I'll shuffle it around. I just have this pacemaker thing that I need re-calibrated; it, like-- ah, it kills me.

JAKE: [on the phone] Cool!

AMIR: Cool. Yeah, cool! Nah, you're right. Absolutely. I just-- I'm really close to death, but... totally. What should I bring? This is my first meeting. [chuckles] A fruit plate? What--

JAKE: [to Amir] Yo, shut up, dude.

AMIR: Of course! I'm just excited about the meeting. Alright? In fact... permission to lead it?

JAKE: [on the phone] I'm here. Yeah.

AMIR: Yeah. Alright, yeah! And I will be there too! I will be there leading the meeting! Then it is agreed-ing.

JAKE: [to Amir] Yo, you really have to be quiet.

AMIR: Don't tell me how to conduct my own meeting, alright? I'm now the leader! And I'm not bringing a fruit plate to my own meeting only to be told how to act by some-- some underling, some college drop-out!

JAKE: [on the phone] Sorry, there's just this idiot yelling in my ear right now.

AMIR: Apology accepted! But if you don't want someone yelling in your ear, I suggest you put down the phone!

JAKE: [on the phone] Alright! I'll see you there!

[Jake hangs up.]

AMIR: No you won't.

JAKE: ...What?

AMIR: What? "What," like I'm not gonna be there? No... "what" like you're not gonna be there.

JAKE: What are you talking about right now?

AMIR: Don't worry about it, "bro"! [scoffs] Go back to watching wrestling, "bro"! [scoffs] Go back to eating chicken nuggets out of your brother's asshole, "bro"!

JAKE: Do you think I said "bro" at some point? You're mimicking something you misheard.

AMIR: Don't worry about it...

JAKE: ..."bro"?

AMIR: [simultaneously] ..."bro"! Yeah.

JAKE: Okay...

[Jake is at the meeting. He is the only one not dressed in a suit.]

JAKE: Well-- okay, I guess I didn't get the suit memo. I'm sorry about that. Uh, why don't we just jump right in--

[Amir appears at the door holding a fruit plate and wearing a top hat and a sash reading "LEADER" in large gold letters.]

AMIR: How's the heating in this meeting? If you're wondering why I'm asking, it's because I'm... Jake, what are you doing here?

JAKE: Get out.

AMIR: Of my own meeting? [laughs, holds up the fruit plate and points to it] Gee whiz, Jake! I'd rather not!

JAKE: This isn't your meeting, man. Leave.

AMIR: Treason! This is more than a coup d'etat!

JAKE: I don't know where you got the impression that you were even allowed in this room, let alone leading our meeting.

AMIR: Where I got the impression was from you, ya coward! In fact, you guys are all cowards for listening to this snake-oil salesman. [laughs] ...Get him. I'm sorry, Jake, but-- guys, get him.

JAKE: Alright, I don't think--

[The two guys next to Jake pin his hands to the table.]

JAKE: --Okay, hey--

[Gonny, the guy on Jake's left, addresses Amir.]

Gonny: O Captain! My Captain! What shall we do with this traitor?

AMIR: ...Off with his head!

JAKE: "Off with my head", dude? [laughs] G--

[Gonny stands up behind Jake.]

JAKE: Gonny... Gonny, what are you doing-- I-- oh!

[Gonny grabs Jake's head and tries to rip it off. Amir looks on, and the other people present laugh and cheer.]

JAKE: Ah! Okay! Ah, I'll leave! Ow, I'll leave!

AMIR: You'll leave in a body bag, ya Benedict Hey-Arnold! Unless that's not your style, "bro"!

JAKE: I never said "bro"!

[Gonny yells with rage as he continues trying to decapitate Jake.]													

														[Amir begins the intro by speaking gibberish with very bizarre inflection, as if speaking backwards.]

AMIR: Nyatch oo-wruz ib yadgerg ream--

JAKE: You don't have to do it backwards.

AMIR: I wasn't trying to!

[Jake and Amir are at their desks.]

AMIR: Ho-ly wow! Congrats, bud! We're rich!

[Amir puts his hand out and pantomimes a handshake.]

JAKE: Alright, I think I'm gonna work from the conference room today, so--

AMIR: Oh wait-- we're actually not rich at all! 'Cause Zark Fuckernerd has us bent over a table, owning every single photo we've posted to Instagram! I'm sorry, pal!

JAKE: ...Okay?

AMIR: "Okay"? No way! Instagram's new privacy policy claims that it can and will sell all of your photos to the highest bidder!

JAKE: What are you talking about?

AMIR: What am I talking about? I'm talking about you don't own your shit! Do you have any idea how dangerous that is, okay? That's why I posted this paragraph to my Facebook profile which should stop the bleeding for now while my lawyers look over the fine print. Actually, give me your email. I will forward you this paragraph and you gotta copy and paste it precisely. Otherwise they'll find the fuckin' loopholes in it, I swear to God they will. Those micey, micey bastards.

JAKE: We've worked together for six years. Do you really not know my email?

AMIR: Actually, better yet, don't even give it to me, 'cause I fear that my email is being monitored, hacked, or worse: both, by King Zark himself. Yeah, he's all up there, trollin' around looking for paintings and shit, art that I have in my head.

JAKE: Art in your head?

AMIR: Yeah! I'm being Thomas-Crown-Affaired by the Facebook dictator himself! Yeah, he's makin' his way into the art museum of my brain while I sleep, crawlin' around, makin' his way out with billion-- nay, million-dollar ideas for paintings and shit?

JAKE: That's less money, okay? You really think Mark Zuckerberg wants to steal and then sell this photo of you... planking at a candlelight vigil? ...I mean, I don't even know what the vigil's for, but I think no matter what, it's pretty depraved!

AMIR: "I saw the greatest minds of my generation destroyed by madness. Starving, hysterical, naked, dragging themselves through the negro streets at dawn, looking for an angry fix!" Do you know who said that?

JAKE: Allen Ginsberg.

AMIR: Amir Blumenfeld!

JAKE: No! No. You ass.

AMIR: [laughing maniacally, cackling] It's working! Don't you get it? It's absolutely working! He's pitting brother against brother!

JAKE: Who is? Who's stealing from you?

AMIR: Ginsberg! Zuckerberg! All these frickin' Jew billionaires! Don't you get it? I make these Instagram photos for me! I write these Facebook statuses for me, so that if one day, let's say I want to sell them, that should be my money! That's my prerogative; that should be my money!

JAKE: W-- what are you talking about? What do you think you agreed to--

AMIR: I'm saying if I want to approach a-- a huge brand, like a Doritos or a Coca-Cola--

JAKE: They would never buy anything from you. You think they have any interest in your status? "Going to the mall? Nah. Going to the mall high. Like this status and I'll smoke you out."

AMIR: They like quirky, cheeky, irreverent humor.

JAKE: That's not quirky, cheeky, or irreverent. It's not even humor.

AMIR: Do you watch the British Office?

JAKE: Don't ask me about the British Office.

AMIR: I'm serious, do you watch the British Office, with Richard Gervais?

JAKE: You're comparing your desperate wannabe-stoner status with one of the most beloved sitcoms of all time?

AMIR: All's I know is that last night I had a dream of a painting, and today it's the friggin' logo of the Facebook! Okay? Is that just a coincidence? Are you really that ignorant? Are you really that fuckin' blind?

JAKE: That's it, dude! That's it! Do something more important with your day.

AMIR: Fine. Fuck off, alright? Have a good life! Good luck being classless, assless, deaf, and dumb! You know why? 'Cause Facebook's robbin' ya! Instagram's rapin' ya! And Myspace? [puts his finger in his mouth and makes a popping sound] It's givin' ya the old how-do-you-do! [wiggles his finger in the air]

JAKE: ...Holy shit.

[Amir keeps wiggling his finger.]

JAKE: Holy shit, what are you saying?

AMIR: You know what? Here. [throws a baseball cap with "FOR SALE" printed on it at Jake] Here you go! You deserve this. Hey guys! Listen up, good news! Jake's now for sale! Make sure to make your check out to Zark frickin' Dinkenberg!

JAKE: Okay, yeah! [puts on the hat] Everybody, actually, while you're here-- this is good-- gather 'round, 'cause Amir's gonna delete his Facebook and Instagram!

AMIR: ...Hah?

JAKE: "Hah?" No, right? You found out they've been robbing us blind from the get-go! He's figured 'em out, so he's decided to take the moral high ground and delete both accounts.

AMIR: Okay, okay. You've made your point. Relax. You'll-- you'll make a martyr of me.

JAKE: No, really! I really think you should do that. Delete both the accounts, right now.

[Amir stares back silently, then without warning begins crying and covers his face.]

JAKE: ...Oh my God.

[Amir sobs quietly to himself.]

JAKE: You're an adult man. You're a grown-up; a fully-grown person. Jesus, buddy!

AMIR: [crying] What, buddy? I'm sad.

JAKE: Okay! I'm sorry.

AMIR: [crying] I just-- I don't want to delete it! It's, like, the best website ever, and-- and Instagram is the tightest app.

JAKE: Okay, so keep it!

AMIR: [crying] Okay. Yeah, you're right. And I'll take 'em down from the inside.

[Pat walks up with a Red Bull can.]

PAT: Hey Amir, congrats on being the new face of Red Bull!

AMIR: Noooooo!

PAT: Are you planking at a vigil on here?

[The logo on Pat's Red Bull can is a photo of Amir planking in the middle of hundreds of candles.]													

														AMIR: Hey, please enjoy this very egg-cellent episode of Jake and Amir!

JAKE: Dude, come on. Stop.

AMIR: Eggs!

[Jake walks in to the office. On Amir's desk is a chicken idly looking around.]

JAKE: I think I'm gonna work from home today.

[Jake turns to leave, but is stopped by Rick Fox, who restrains Jake with a hand to the face.]

RICK: Yeah, you're not going anywhere.

JAKE: ...Rick Fox?

RICK: I head you're the, uh, chicken whisperer.

JAKE: From who?

RICK: [points to Josh, who is working in the background] Everyone.

JAKE: That's... just-- that's Josh.

RICK: Yeah, I need your help.

JAKE: What.

RICK: My chicken's more than sick. [points to the chicken standing on the desk] It's dead.

JAKE: ...That chicken's fine.

RICK: ...Oh my God!

[Rick laughs with joy and hugs Jake very hard. Amir shows up.]

JAKE: Oh! No!

AMIR: He saved the goose! What did I tell ya?

[Rick lets go of Jake and does a happy chicken dance.]

JAKE: Why are you even here, Rick Fox? Did you come to steal more money from Amir?

RICK: Actually, dick, I'm here to tell Amir that I'm out of the bookie business.

[Amir gasps.]

RICK: My beautiful wife, [to Jake] who is not a chicken...

JAKE: Didn't say she was. You shouldn't have to clarify that.

RICK: She convinced me I need a more honest trade.

AMIR: Mm. Yeah, that makes sense.

RICK: So I'm just here to collect Amir's eight-thousand-dollar quitting fee.

JAKE: Doesn't sound very honest.

AMIR: No, it is. Can I PayPal you the money?

RICK: Mm. Cash.

AMIR: Fair.

RICK: I've spent all my life obsessing about...

JAKE: Eggs?

[Rick stares daggers at Jake.]

AMIR: Oh my God.

RICK: Why are you always talking about eggs?

JAKE: I'm not.

AMIR: You-- no, you are, and it's starting to b-- like, it's st-- it's--

JAKE: He brought a chicken to the office!

AMIR: It's-- it's enough, alright? I'm getting really pissed off about it.

RICK: You are the only one talking about eggs.

JAKE: Fine. Fine, what have you spent your entire life obsessing over?

RICK: Omelettes!

JAKE: ...Omelettes are eggs! Omelettes are eg--

[Rick picks Jake up by the collar.]

RICK: What did you say?

JAKE: Nothing! Nothing, okay? I'm-- I'm sorry, I'm sorry.

RICK: Say it again. Say it one more time.

AMIR: Say it to his face!

JAKE: I don't want to! You're scaring me, Rick Fox!

[Rick chuckles.]

RICK: [to the chicken] You hear that, baby? I'm scary!

JAKE: What's happening right now? Is that chicken over there your wife? Is that what's going on? You sick fuck!

[Elisa Dushku shows up behind Rick Fox.]

ELISA: Drop him.

[Rick complies.]

JAKE: Jesus... Thank you. Thank you, ma'am. I'm glad that I'm not the only person here who thinks this guy is completely--

[Elisa picks up Jake by the collar.]

ELISA: What did you say about eggs, motherfucker?

JAKE: God. She's crazier.

ELISA: Say it. Say it to our face.

JAKE: Whose face?

RICK: Mine!

ELISA: Mine!

RICK: His!

ELISA: Hers!

AMIR: Ours!

JAKE: You know what? Fine. Omelettes are eggs. Omelettes are eggs. It's a fact.

[Rick and Elisa burst out laughing.]

RICK: Next you're gonna tell us chicken nuggets [procures a chicken nugget] are made from real chickens instead of just being named after them! [takes a bite]

JAKE: What are you talking about, "being named after" chicken?

ELISA: Like an Arnold Palmer isn't made of Arnold Palmer! He's a golfer, not a drink. [to Rick] I learned that the hard way, remember?

JAKE: No, chicken nuggets are made of chicken. They kill a chicken, grind up the meat and then shape it into nuggets.

[Rick is taken aback. Elisa chuckles, but quickly stops.]

ELISA: Come on, baby. Go. Go, go--

[Rick runs to a garbage can and vomits.]

RICK: I'm a cannibal!

[Rick vomits again, then kneels in front of the chicken.]

RICK: [to the chicken] Baby... I want you to kill me.

[The chicken squawks.]

END													

														INTRO

(A paper reads "COLLEGEHUMOR'S ?? ALL-NIGHTER ??"; "TEN VIDEOS. ONE NIGHT.")

ALL: CollegeHumor's All-Nighter!

[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks. Amir is beginning to nod off, and shakes his head to keep awake.]

AMIR: Ugh... I don't know if I can make it, man. [scoffs] Like, the finish line is in sight... but I'm not right. [laughs] What time is it? Four AM? Five AM? 4:05 AM?

JAKE: 7:45 PM, the All-Nighter starts in another fifteen minutes, and it goes for twelve hours.

AMIR: Stop hounding my shit, please, okay? I'm pissed, I'm scared, I'm tired, I'm... there...

JAKE: What? Where?

AMIR: There.

JAKE: How are you this tired already?

AMIR: [laughs] I'm glad you asked.

[Amir falls asleep immediately.]

JAKE: Dude, wake up!

[There is an ethereal transition accompanied by a harp sound. Jake and Amir are now both female, and appear to be Abbi Jacobson and Ilana Glazer from Broad City. Amir wakes up.]

ILANA-AMIR: Holy guac! That nap was more than legit: it was dec'!

ABBI-JAKE: I think that might make it less than legit.

ILANA-AMIR: Don't nitpick my twitpic, ya shit-dick! Now that wit was quite quick.

ABBI-JAKE: Do you want me to get you some coffee? Maybe that would wake you up?

ILANA-AMIR: I'm clearly awake if I'm talking to you, Scooby-frickin'-Don't.

ABBI-JAKE: What are you even talking about?

ILANA-AMIR: Bad Scooby? Nah. Bad Doo.

[Ilana-Amir begins laughing and then falls asleep.]

[Another transition and harp sound later, Amir and Jake are Brian McElhaney and Nick Kocher from BriTANick.]

BRIAN-AMIR: [still laughing] Dude, you gotta crack up at that shit! That Scooby-Doo pun? That destroyed at my pop-pop's wake.

NICK-JAKE: Why did you tell it there?

BRIAN-AMIR: Um, 'cause everyone was sad? Especially me! I was his closest friend! Open casket? Now I can't buy a basket.

NICK-JAKE: Can you please try not to rhyme all of the time?

BRIAN-AMIR: You just did it!

NICK-JAKE: That was unintentional.

BRIAN-AMIR: Oh, an unintentional rhyme? Well I'm an unconventional mime, [he moves his hands as if in an invisible box] eating an unpresentable lime.

[Brian-Amir pantomimes taking a bite out of an invisible lime.]

BRIAN-AMIR: Eww!-- Fuck you. Crack up at that.

NICK-JAKE: Wh-- you didn't even give me time to laugh at that! You knew that would fail.

BRIAN-AMIR: Fuck you, fuck you, I'm cool, and fuck you.

[Brian-Amir begins laughing.]

BRIAN-AMIR: Ohh! Oh, it hurts to laugh, it hurts to laugh...

[Harp and transition. Jake and Amir are Andrew and Evan Gregory of the Gregory Brothers.]

EVAN-AMIR: ...And fuck you.

ANDREW-JAKE: I-- I think we should ask Sam if you can go home.

EVAN-AMIR: Oh, you'd love that, wouldn't you?

ANDREW-JAKE: Yes, I would.

EVAN-AMIR: Wow. The truth comes tumbling out. Jake's a frickin' anti-Semite. And that just ain't right.

ANDREW-JAKE: ...What?

[Harp and transition. Jake and Amir are themselves; Amir seems to be talking in his sleep.]

AMIR: I said "You, Jacob Hurwitz... you're an anti-Semite."

[Abbi, Ilana, Nick, Brian, Andrew and Evan have gathered around Jake's chair.]

NICK: What did he just say?

JAKE: He's half-asleep, dude. What do you mean "what did he just say"? It doesn't matter.

ABBI: Oh, it doesn't matter because what? What, because he's a Jew?

[Abbi shoves Jake.]

JAKE: I didn't say that! What are you talking about?

AMIR: [now very much awake] I'm talkin' about you hating Jew.

ILANA: You prick! I know many Jews.

JAKE: So do I! I'm half Jewish--

[Brian punches Jake in the face.]

JAKE: Ow!

BRIAN: I don't hit like a Jew, do I?

JAKE: ...That was anti-Semitic, what you just said!

AMIR: Get him!

JAKE: What are you talking about--

[Everybody begins beating up Jake.]

JAKE: Hey! Ow! Ow, quit it--

[Amir laughs maniacally.]

[Harp and transition. Amir is lying on a couch, presumably dreaming the situation just shown. He is laughing in his sleep. Abbi, Ilana, Nick, Brian, Andrew, Evan and Jake are standing around him.]

ANDREW: I thought you said we were gonna shoot a video.

JAKE: I'm sorry; I think he fell asleep, so...

AMIR: [mumbling] Tear his... Jew-hating face off.

END													

														INTRO

JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!

AMIR: ...Gimme a hug--

JAKE: Get off of me.

AMIR: Oh my God.

JAKE: You're wet.

[Jake sits down by the desk of a drug-dealing coworker who is, or is at least played by, Rosie.]

JAKE: Oh snap! What it do, my dude?

ROSIE: Yo.

[Jake holds out a twenty-dollar bill. Rosie snatches it up.]

JAKE: Twenty bones!

ROSIE: Thank you.

JAKE: You got that bud for your bud?

[Rosie slaps a small bag of marijuana into Jake's hand. Jake fumbles it immediately. Rosie just shakes his head. Jake picks it back up.]

JAKE: [holding up the bag] Ooh-oooh! [laughs] You mind if I test the product?

[Jake sniffs inside the bag.]

JAKE: Oh, come on, dude. Okay!

ROSIE: Good stuff, right?

[Jake rubs some on his gums.]

JAKE: Mmmm. Oh my goodness, mmmm. [howls like a wolf, then begins speaking in a bad Jamaican accent] Oh, mon, dis dat Jamaican shit, mon! Huh? [laughs feebly]

ROSIE: ...Sure.

JAKE: Okay! Uh, and to get high on it, I'll just, like, sprinkle it on a doobie?

ROSIE: Whatever.

JAKE: Okay. Cool! Dope, man. You wanna smoke it with me?

[Jake makes a fist and puts it up for a fist-bump. Rosie makes a fist and smacks Jake's fist out of the way.]

ROSIE: Uh... not right now. It's... eleven-thirty... we're at work--

JAKE: I'll hit you up after work.

ROSIE: ...Yeah.

[Jake holds the bag up again and makes a face. Suddenly, Amir runs up and grabs Jake's arm.]

AMIR: And I will hit you up!

JAKE: Hey-- ow! Ow ow!

AMIR: Everybody relax. I am making an old-fashioned citizen's arrest!

JAKE: What are you doing? Stop it!

AMIR: I am stoppin' it! I'm stoppin' the war... [tightens the plastic handcuff around Jake's wrists] on drugs!

JAKE: That means you wouldn't be arresting me.

AMIR: [on the phone] Hello, 911? Yeah, I caught the bitch! He is alive and well, for now! Nah, he's not even an underling; he's the head of this frickin' operation. I just chopped the head off the frickin' snake! [laughs] This serpent beast-- yes, I'll hold.

JAKE: Okay-- hey-- you made the handcuffs too tight, alright? Untie me. Seriously.

AMIR: [still on the phone] Yeah. Hello? [rifling through Jake's pockets] Okay, so I got a stolen wallet here, a... a-- a burner cell...

JAKE: That's my wallet, and my iPhone.

AMIR: ...and keys, that I believe were used... in a murder-suicide!

JAKE: ...How?

AMIR: And eureka! [grabs Jake's bag of weed] I found it! [laughs] We're looking at a kilo, kilo and a half of that Colombian mud! [flicks the bag] This is Mexican grade-A shit. [to Jake] You chose the wrong bull to tangle with, compende? [to nobody in particular] Okay, here we go: selfie for the Insta! [takes a picture of himself with the bag] Hashtag... hashbag.

JAKE: Where did you even get these plastic handcuffs?

AMIR: I'll ask the questions here. [pause] Ace Hardware.

JAKE: You just answered my question.

AMIR: They're gonna throw the book at you, you know that? And you know what else? I'm gonna let 'em! 'Cause I have a lot of pull in this court system-- don't ask me how or why.

JAKE: How and why?

AMIR: A judge ran over my face when I was six! Want to know the saddest part?

JAKE: That you survived.

AMIR: That I used to respect you. And now I know the truth about you... you're a drug.

JAKE: It's a little bit of weed! ...You loser!

AMIR: If I'm a loser, then I'm the biggest loser! Because truth be bold, I've got a quota to hit this month, and I am very much so under! Ever heard of bein' on thin ice? Well it is springtime, my friend, and I am swimmin' in the shit! I guess you could say I'm up Shit's Creek... with a paddle.

ROSIE: Hey... enough. Enough.

AMIR: Ho-ly shit, you must be dumber than you look. I gave you a get-out-of-jail-free tard and you're throwin' it back in my face!

ROSIE: ...It's oregano.

JAKE AND AMIR: [simultaneously] What?

ROSIE: I've been... sellin' to Jake for two years; he says the stuff gets him really fucked-up. [chuckles] I don't... I don't sell drugs; I don't-- I don't even know where to... fuckin' buy drugs, man.

[Rosie takes off his cap. He suddenly looks completely different.]

ROSIE: I'm a phony.

JAKE: Bull-shite! I only smoke the dankest reefer.

AMIR: Aww. [on the phone] Code green, code green. This tween got stale herb. Call off the--

JAKE: Hey-- gimme the phone! Gimme the phone-- [on the phone] Officer? Officer, I am blazed, high, stoned, and gone! I need a slap on the wrist, and some munchie snacks! Yes. Yes, Your Honor.

AMIR: She's... not a judge--

JAKE I was gonna sprinkle it in a doobie. ...I cannot tell a high!

END													

														INTRO

JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!

AMIR: [with his mouth full] Mm-hmm!

JAKE: Can you not eat in here?

AMIR: [with his mouth full] Oh, barely noticeable!

[Jake and Amir are at their desks. Jake is listening to something on his computer.]

JAKE: Hey. Hey, you're in a YouTube video. And-- ...you're an asshole. Oh my God, you're an asshole.

[Amir looks up at Jake. He has a bruised eye and a large, somewhat bloodstained head bandage.]

AMIR: Is it viral?

JAKE: I think it might go viral; it's you trying and failing to jack an iPhone on the subway.

AMIR: Bull... shite! I got away with it! That video lies to you; it's propaganda!

JAKE: No, it's actually not. I can see very clearly: this girl is texting on her iPhone and you just rip it out of her hands; you try to time it just right so you can get out there before the doors close--

AMIR: Yeah! [laughs]

JAKE: --but no. You thought it was a good idea to turn around and say [Amir begins pointing and mouthing Jake's quote, as if re-living the moment] "time for you to disconnect permanently", and then wink at her.

[Amir nods in acknowledgement.]

JAKE: How did you think you had time for that?

[Amir is suddenly wearing a pair of sunglasses over his regular glasses.]

AMIR: Frankly, my dear... [looks over the sunglasses] I don't give a damn.

JAKE: You should give a damn, because here you are running around the train like an animal, like a scared rat, trying to burrow your way out of the door, large crowds just forming around you, and then you... you lay on the ground; you start kicking and screaming. I mean... listen to this.

[Jake unplugs his headphones and hits the volume-up key. Amir's voice fades in. As they listen, Amir, whose sunglasses disappeared again at some point, nods in acknowledgement of the audio. Jake shakes his head to say "no". Amir copies Jake mockingly.]

AMIR: [in-video] Fire! There's a fire in here! Somebody please press the emergency brake! I swear to God, there's a frickin' fire in here!

AMIR: And it worked! ...Yeah!

JAKE: Right, except finally when someone does press the emergency brake, it just gives the gang that much more time to beat the shit out of you! ...That's not smart! ...That wasn't good thinking!

AMIR: Yeah, but-- [scoffs] have you ever, like, gone to the gym and forgot your shoes?

JAKE: ...Like, leaving my house, without my shoes--

AMIR: Forget-- I knew you wouldn't get it--

JAKE: Of course!

AMIR: I knew you would just hang me out to dry, because you love seeing me fail! Right? The Germans call it "schadenfreude". [chuckles] Americans do too! It's funny: we were enemies for so long, but we still use some of their phrases. C'est la vie! [chuckles] That's French, but you get the poi--

JAKE: Okay, focus. Okay? 'Cause four guys are just sitting on your limbs right now, laying you out like a starfish, while every single woman and child on this train is... they're taking turns stepping on your face!

[Amir discreetly puts the sunglasses back on.]

JAKE: ...You're so hated, buddy!

AMIR: If you're a hero... [flicks his collar] then I'm a zero!

JAKE: You are a zero!

AMIR: How'd you like to know that I got a free iPhone out of the whole shebang?

JAKE: You didn't get a free iPhone! Eight people are carrying you to the front of the train right now, laying you at the feet of the woman that you robbed, making you not only return her phone, but... God, lick the bottom of her shoes, which... you almost seem too willing to do.

AMIR: Kinky! [chuckles]

JAKE: It's not "kinky"--

[Jake stops to turn his attention to the video.]

JAKE: What the f-- ...they're taking out your dick?

[Amir folds his sunglasses and puts them down. He starts sniffling.]

JAKE: Hey... hey, they took out your dick, they s-- ... they molested you, bud.

[Amir nods silently, still shaken.]

JAKE: You can sue these assholes.

AMIR: ...Do you think I have a case?

JAKE: Hell yeah, I think you have a case! This.. herd, with their hive-mind and their mob mentality.

AMIR: Yeah!

JAKE: They-- they think the train's under their own martial law?

AMIR: Bull!

JAKE: I mean, they're... [stammering] they're taunting you! They're flicking your dick, taking turns, and-- and videotaping it!

AMIR: They were, yeah. Somebody was all like "I'm gonna Vine it", whatever that means.

JAKE: That's a disgrace. If it's a disgrace, then you've got a case!

AMIR: You think I've got a case?

[A lawyer shows up from presumably under the table.]

LAWYER: Did someone say they had a case?

JAKE: He's got a case.

LAWYER: You were disgraced.

AMIR: I was disgraced. Do I have a case?

LAWYER: Did they mace your face?

AMIR: They maced my face!

LAWYER: Where was this place?

AMIR: A... subway space.

LAWYER: [quietly] ...What was the race?

AMIR: That's in poor taste.

["The Sign" begins playing from somewhere off-screen.]

LAWYER: Is that Ace of Base?

END													

														INTRO

JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!

AMIR: [with his mouth full] Mm-hmm!

JAKE: Can you not eat in here?

AMIR: [with his mouth full] Oh, barely noticeable!

[Jake and Amir are at their desks. Jake is listening to something on his computer.]

JAKE: Hey. Hey, you're in a YouTube video. And-- ...you're an asshole. Oh my God, you're an asshole.

[Amir looks up at Jake. He has a bruised eye and a large, somewhat bloodstained head bandage.]

AMIR: Is it viral?

JAKE: I think it might go viral; it's you trying and failing to jack an iPhone on the subway.

AMIR: Bull... shite! I got away with it! That video lies to you; it's propaganda!

JAKE: No, it's actually not. I can see very clearly: this girl is texting on her iPhone and you just rip it out of her hands; you try to time it just right so you can get out there before the doors close--

AMIR: Yeah! [laughs]

JAKE: --but no. You thought it was a good idea to turn around and say [Amir begins pointing and mouthing Jake's quote, as if re-living the moment] "time for you to disconnect permanently", and then wink at her.

[Amir nods in acknowledgement.]

JAKE: How did you think you had time for that?

[Amir is suddenly wearing a pair of sunglasses over his regular glasses.]

AMIR: Frankly, my dear... [looks over the sunglasses] I don't give a damn.

JAKE: You should give a damn, because here you are running around the train like an animal, like a scared rat, trying to burrow your way out of the door, large crowds just forming around you, and then you... you lay on the ground; you start kicking and screaming. I mean... listen to this.

[Jake unplugs his headphones and hits the volume-up key. Amir's voice fades in. As they listen, Amir, whose sunglasses disappeared again at some point, nods in acknowledgement of the audio. Jake shakes his head to say "no". Amir copies Jake mockingly.]

AMIR: [in-video] Fire! There's a fire in here! Somebody please press the emergency brake! I swear to God, there's a frickin' fire in here!

AMIR: And it worked! ...Yeah!

JAKE: Right, except finally when someone does press the emergency brake, it just gives the gang that much more time to beat the shit out of you! ...That's not smart! ...That wasn't good thinking!

AMIR: Yeah, but-- [scoffs] have you ever, like, gone to the gym and forgot your shoes?

JAKE: ...Like, leaving my house, without my shoes--

AMIR: Forget-- I knew you wouldn't get it--

JAKE: Of course!

AMIR: I knew you would just hang me out to dry, because you love seeing me fail! Right? The Germans call it "schadenfreude". [chuckles] Americans do too! It's funny: we were enemies for so long, but we still use some of their phrases. C'est la vie! [chuckles] That's French, but you get the poi--

JAKE: Okay, focus. Okay? 'Cause four guys are just sitting on your limbs right now, laying you out like a starfish, while every single woman and child on this train is... they're taking turns stepping on your face!

[Amir discreetly puts the sunglasses back on.]

JAKE: ...You're so hated, buddy!

AMIR: If you're a hero... [flicks his collar] then I'm a zero!

JAKE: You are a zero!

AMIR: How'd you like to know that I got a free iPhone out of the whole shebang?

JAKE: You didn't get a free iPhone! Eight people are carrying you to the front of the train right now, laying you at the feet of the woman that you robbed, making you not only return her phone, but... God, lick the bottom of her shoes, which... you almost seem too willing to do.

AMIR: Kinky! [chuckles]

JAKE: It's not "kinky"--

[Jake stops to turn his attention to the video.]

JAKE: What the f-- ...they're taking out your dick?

[Amir folds his sunglasses and puts them down. He starts sniffling.]

JAKE: Hey... hey, they took out your dick, they s-- ... they molested you, bud.

[Amir nods silently, still shaken.]

JAKE: You can sue these assholes.

AMIR: ...Do you think I have a case?

JAKE: Hell yeah, I think you have a case! This.. herd, with their hive-mind and their mob mentality.

AMIR: Yeah!

JAKE: They-- they think the train's under their own martial law?

AMIR: Bull!

JAKE: I mean, they're... [stammering] they're taunting you! They're flicking your dick, taking turns, and-- and videotaping it!

AMIR: They were, yeah. Somebody was all like "I'm gonna Vine it", whatever that means.

JAKE: That's a disgrace. If it's a disgrace, then you've got a case!

AMIR: You think I've got a case?

[A lawyer shows up from presumably under the table.]

LAWYER: Did someone say they had a case?

JAKE: He's got a case.

LAWYER: You were disgraced.

AMIR: I was disgraced. Do I have a case?

LAWYER: Did they mace your face?

AMIR: They maced my face!

LAWYER: Where was this place?

AMIR: A... subway space.

LAWYER: [quietly] ...What was the race?

AMIR: That's in poor taste.

["The Sign" begins playing from somewhere off-screen.]

LAWYER: Is that Ace of Base?

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: When I say "Jake", you say "Amir"! Jake!

JAKE: Don't do this.

AMIR: Ass.

[Amir sits down beside Jake on the couch, holding a notepad. Throughout the episode he sounds out-of-breath to the point that his voice is raw or cracking.]

AMIR: Okay! Ever heard of a get rich quick scheme? Well these are wet bitch thick creams; ninety-nine ways guaranteed to get us paid ASAP! [laughs maniacally]

JAKE: So they are get rich quick schemes.

AMIR: What?

JAKE: You said they were "wet bitch thick creams"--

AMIR: "--ick creams", yeah! [laughs] Okay, number one--

JAKE: What is wrong with you right now? Don't yell; catch your breath.

AMIR: ...Asshole.

AMIR: What if we sell gift certificates that you have to accept at any store?

JAKE: That's just money.

AMIR: Yeah, exactly! We sell cash, for pennies on the dollar! [rubs his fingers together]

JAKE: That means you lose money.

AMIR: But ya gain pennies! [rubs his fingers together again]

JAKE: You have to chill out, okay?

AMIR: You know how people love juices and smoothies and shit?

JAKE: I guess.

AMIR: Okay, so we get a paperclip, put it in a smoothie, drink it, die, and sue the Jew that sold it to us!

JAKE: That's not where I thought you were going with that--

AMIR: Well keep up, Jakey! 'Cause my mind's racing at m--

[Amir stops, chokes, and coughs up a lot of blood into his hand. Then he begins laughing.]

JAKE: Oh my God! T--

AMIR: [as trying to speak over Jake] Okay, okay, okay--

JAKE: I'm not talking.

AMIR: --why rob people-- why rob people, when you can change your name to Robert People? [extends his hand] "Hi, I'm Rob People! Pleased to meet ya!"

JAKE: How does that get you money?

AMIR: "D'ahh, don't call me that; call me Rob! Mr. People's my dad's name." [laughs]

JAKE: I didn't call you anything.

AMIR: Why don't me and you, we open up a frickin' pottery store, huh? How's that sound? Some choice pieces at first, but then we'd build up our inventory, start franchising some stores?

JAKE: How is that a get rich quick scheme? Sounds like that would take years.

[Amir puts his hand on Jake's shoulder.]

AMIR: That's the first smart thing you've said today.

[Amir has his arm around Jake so tightly that he's pressing his cheek against Jake's shoulder.]

JAKE: Don't touch me, dude. I'm dead serious right now.

JAKE: Why are you this out-of-breath, by the way? I mean, like... you look like you just ran a ten-K.

AMIR: I'd like to run a 401(k)! Your frickin' retirement fund for a price, but first, [pats Jake on the stomach] how'd you like to open up a pottery store with me?

AMIR: Ever heard of a nutritionist? Well I'm an oldtritionist! Pay me to eat a weed!

JAKE: That cannot be on your--

[Jake glances at Amir's notepad.]

JAKE: --list. There it is. "Pay me to eat a weed."

[Amir is coughing large amounts of blood into a tissue.]

JAKE: You okay, man?

[Amir nods.]

JAKE: You want me to call a doctor?

AMIR: Call a doc-- Call a lawyer! I'm gonna sue whoever put this clip in my throat!

AMIR: Okay, it's called-- it's called a digital tip jar! For any online transaction you make, the tip jar forces you to round up to the nearest dollar and takes that excess change. It returns it to you at the end of the year so you feel like you're making free money! We make one percent off total transaction costs, which seems pretty negligible, but really starts to add up the more clients we get!

JAKE: That's actually really smart--

AMIR: That is a dummy idea I stole from my entrepreneur friend Clovis! [laughs] I knew you'd shit on it! [laughs] Isn't your face redder than a beet! ...Speaking of beets, [puts his arm around Jake] do you got a garden? I'd love to eat a weed.

[Amir is slumped down on the couch, holding the bloodstained tissue.]

JAKE: Want to take a break?

AMIR: Yeah, great idea. Let's take a-- let's take a hard five, go outside, get some fresh air, come back in here with a renewed sense of purpose to tackle the second half of the list--

JAKE: Alright, I'm gonna take you to the hospital--

AMIR: Please do, [chuckles] 'cause at this point in time, I believe that I am, uh... [clears throat] dead.

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: When I say "Jake", you say "Amir"! Jake!

JAKE: Don't do this.

AMIR: Ass.

[Amir sits down beside Jake on the couch, holding a notepad. Throughout the episode he sounds out-of-breath to the point that his voice is raw or cracking.]

AMIR: Okay! Ever heard of a get rich quick scheme? Well these are wet bitch thick creams; ninety-nine ways guaranteed to get us paid ASAP! [laughs maniacally]

JAKE: So they are get rich quick schemes.

AMIR: What?

JAKE: You said they were "wet bitch thick creams"--

AMIR: "--ick creams", yeah! [laughs] Okay, number one--

JAKE: What is wrong with you right now? Don't yell; catch your breath.

AMIR: ...Asshole.

AMIR: What if we sell gift certificates that you have to accept at any store?

JAKE: That's just money.

AMIR: Yeah, exactly! We sell cash, for pennies on the dollar! [rubs his fingers together]

JAKE: That means you lose money.

AMIR: But ya gain pennies! [rubs his fingers together again]

JAKE: You have to chill out, okay?

AMIR: You know how people love juices and smoothies and shit?

JAKE: I guess.

AMIR: Okay, so we get a paperclip, put it in a smoothie, drink it, die, and sue the Jew that sold it to us!

JAKE: That's not where I thought you were going with that--

AMIR: Well keep up, Jakey! 'Cause my mind's racing at m--

[Amir stops, chokes, and coughs up a lot of blood into his hand. Then he begins laughing.]

JAKE: Oh my God! T--

AMIR: [as trying to speak over Jake] Okay, okay, okay--

JAKE: I'm not talking.

AMIR: --why rob people-- why rob people, when you can change your name to Robert People? [extends his hand] "Hi, I'm Rob People! Pleased to meet ya!"

JAKE: How does that get you money?

AMIR: "D'ahh, don't call me that; call me Rob! Mr. People's my dad's name." [laughs]

JAKE: I didn't call you anything.

AMIR: Why don't me and you, we open up a frickin' pottery store, huh? How's that sound? Some choice pieces at first, but then we'd build up our inventory, start franchising some stores?

JAKE: How is that a get rich quick scheme? Sounds like that would take years.

[Amir puts his hand on Jake's shoulder.]

AMIR: That's the first smart thing you've said today.

[Amir has his arm around Jake so tightly that he's pressing his cheek against Jake's shoulder.]

JAKE: Don't touch me, dude. I'm dead serious right now.

JAKE: Why are you this out-of-breath, by the way? I mean, like... you look like you just ran a ten-K.

AMIR: I'd like to run a 401(k)! Your frickin' retirement fund for a price, but first, [pats Jake on the stomach] how'd you like to open up a pottery store with me?

AMIR: Ever heard of a nutritionist? Well I'm an oldtritionist! Pay me to eat a weed!

JAKE: That cannot be on your--

[Jake glances at Amir's notepad.]

JAKE: --list. There it is. "Pay me to eat a weed."

[Amir is coughing large amounts of blood into a tissue.]

JAKE: You okay, man?

[Amir nods.]

JAKE: You want me to call a doctor?

AMIR: Call a doc-- Call a lawyer! I'm gonna sue whoever put this clip in my throat!

AMIR: Okay, it's called-- it's called a digital tip jar! For any online transaction you make, the tip jar forces you to round up to the nearest dollar and takes that excess change. It returns it to you at the end of the year so you feel like you're making free money! We make one percent off total transaction costs, which seems pretty negligible, but really starts to add up the more clients we get!

JAKE: That's actually really smart--

AMIR: That is a dummy idea I stole from my entrepreneur friend Clovis! [laughs] I knew you'd shit on it! [laughs] Isn't your face redder than a beet! ...Speaking of beets, [puts his arm around Jake] do you got a garden? I'd love to eat a weed.

[Amir is slumped down on the couch, holding the bloodstained tissue.]

JAKE: Want to take a break?

AMIR: Yeah, great idea. Let's take a-- let's take a hard five, go outside, get some fresh air, come back in here with a renewed sense of purpose to tackle the second half of the list--

JAKE: Alright, I'm gonna take you to the hospital--

AMIR: Please do, [chuckles] 'cause at this point in time, I believe that I am, uh... [clears throat] dead.

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: Hey, you're watching a cool dude and a loser Jew with glasses.

JAKE: Oh my God.

AMIR: No, it's obvious.

[Jake, Streeter, and Amir are sitting at a table, eating lunch and having a conversation.]

JAKE: No, no no--

[Streeter is laughing.]

JAKE: --if I'm gonna fuck a dude, I want it to be, like, a really, really tiny dude-- basically like a woman in the dark, you know? With a really tiny little dick, just like double-crankin' it, [pantomimes giving a handjob with both hands] get him-- get him off, right away--

STREETER: [laughing, copying Jake's hand motion] Doub-- how're you gonna double-crank a small dick-- [trails off into laughter]

JAKE: Like-- like this! [makes the same motion but with his thumbs and forefingers, as if unscrewing a small screw. Streeter continues laughing.] Just double-crankin' it, and then it's done!

STREETER: [laughing] Y-- the little hairless-- little, [making a rough hourglass-figure motion with his hands] the little--

JAKE: Yeah. That's--

STREETER: --but see, I want... I want the other way-- I want a big, like, bear of a man, you know what I mean? Like a giant--

JAKE: L-- you mean like you! You want yourself!

STREETER: --No, I don't want myself! Dude, a bit--

JAKE: Yes, a bear would fuckin' love to fuck you.

STREETER: I know they would! But I'm talking even bigger! Like, I'm talking, like, a linebacker, you know?

JAKE: Ohh. Oh, that's nice--

STREETER: Yeah.

JAKE: --Yeah, yeah. I want a kicker.

AMIR: [speaking a bit too loudly] I don't care if he's big or small, as long as his dick is warm and he fills me up... with that boiling hot spum.

[The conversation goes dead. Amir goes to take a sip of his apple juice, but notices the intensely awkward silence and makes a face defensively. Jake and Streeter avert their eyes from Amir and each other.]

AMIR: [now speaking very quietly, almost under his breath] How is that any... different...

[Streeter stares down at the table in silence. Jake quietly spits out the food he was chewing onto the plate in disgust. Amir scoffs.]

AMIR: [still quietly] Oh my God...

[Jake stares daggers at Amir. Streeter puts down the sandwich he had been eating for lunch. He folds his glasses up and buries his head in his hands.]

AMIR: ...Yeah? You can't--

[Streeter shakes his head. Amir scoffs again.]

AMIR: [quietly] ...What?

[Amir makes a gun shape with his hand, points it at his head, and pantomimes shooting himself. Jake nods and mouths "do it". Amir looks dejected, and halfheartedly attempts to chuckle. Streeter is still sitting in silence, and Jake pats Streeter's shoulder to console him. Amir attempts to do the same, but Streeter swats his hand away and then gets up and leaves. Amir and Jake are left at the table together.]

AMIR: [quietly] You think that's... appropriate?

JAKE: "Boiling hot spum"?

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: Hey, you're watching a cool dude and a loser Jew with glasses.

JAKE: Oh my God.

AMIR: No, it's obvious.

[Jake, Streeter, and Amir are sitting at a table, eating lunch and having a conversation.]

JAKE: No, no no--

[Streeter is laughing.]

JAKE: --if I'm gonna fuck a dude, I want it to be, like, a really, really tiny dude-- basically like a woman in the dark, you know? With a really tiny little dick, just like double-crankin' it, [pantomimes giving a handjob with both hands] get him-- get him off, right away--

STREETER: [laughing, copying Jake's hand motion] Doub-- how're you gonna double-crank a small dick-- [trails off into laughter]

JAKE: Like-- like this! [makes the same motion but with his thumbs and forefingers, as if unscrewing a small screw. Streeter continues laughing.] Just double-crankin' it, and then it's done!

STREETER: [laughing] Y-- the little hairless-- little, [making a rough hourglass-figure motion with his hands] the little--

JAKE: Yeah. That's--

STREETER: --but see, I want... I want the other way-- I want a big, like, bear of a man, you know what I mean? Like a giant--

JAKE: L-- you mean like you! You want yourself!

STREETER: --No, I don't want myself! Dude, a bit--

JAKE: Yes, a bear would fuckin' love to fuck you.

STREETER: I know they would! But I'm talking even bigger! Like, I'm talking, like, a linebacker, you know?

JAKE: Ohh. Oh, that's nice--

STREETER: Yeah.

JAKE: --Yeah, yeah. I want a kicker.

AMIR: [speaking a bit too loudly] I don't care if he's big or small, as long as his dick is warm and he fills me up... with that boiling hot spum.

[The conversation goes dead. Amir goes to take a sip of his apple juice, but notices the intensely awkward silence and makes a face defensively. Jake and Streeter avert their eyes from Amir and each other.]

AMIR: [now speaking very quietly, almost under his breath] How is that any... different...

[Streeter stares down at the table in silence. Jake quietly spits out the food he was chewing onto the plate in disgust. Amir scoffs.]

AMIR: [still quietly] Oh my God...

[Jake stares daggers at Amir. Streeter puts down the sandwich he had been eating for lunch. He folds his glasses up and buries his head in his hands.]

AMIR: ...Yeah? You can't--

[Streeter shakes his head. Amir scoffs again.]

AMIR: [quietly] ...What?

[Amir makes a gun shape with his hand, points it at his head, and pantomimes shooting himself. Jake nods and mouths "do it". Amir looks dejected, and halfheartedly attempts to chuckle. Streeter is still sitting in silence, and Jake pats Streeter's shoulder to console him. Amir attempts to do the same, but Streeter swats his hand away and then gets up and leaves. Amir and Jake are left at the table together.]

AMIR: [quietly] You think that's... appropriate?

JAKE: "Boiling hot spum"?

END													

														INTRO

JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!

AMIR: ...Gimme a hug--

JAKE: Get off of me.

AMIR: Oh my God.

JAKE: You're wet.

[Jake sits down by the desk of a drug-dealing coworker who is, or is at least played by, Rosie.]

JAKE: Oh snap! What it do, my dude?

ROSIE: Yo.

[Jake holds out a twenty-dollar bill. Rosie snatches it up.]

JAKE: Twenty bones!

ROSIE: Thank you.

JAKE: You got that bud for your bud?

[Rosie slaps a small bag of marijuana into Jake's hand. Jake fumbles it immediately. Rosie just shakes his head. Jake picks it back up.]

JAKE: [holding up the bag] Ooh-oooh! [laughs] You mind if I test the product?

[Jake sniffs inside the bag.]

JAKE: Oh, come on, dude. Okay!

ROSIE: Good stuff, right?

[Jake rubs some on his gums.]

JAKE: Mmmm. Oh my goodness, mmmm. [howls like a wolf, then begins speaking in a bad Jamaican accent] Oh, mon, dis dat Jamaican shit, mon! Huh? [laughs feebly]

ROSIE: ...Sure.

JAKE: Okay! Uh, and to get high on it, I'll just, like, sprinkle it on a doobie?

ROSIE: Whatever.

JAKE: Okay. Cool! Dope, man. You wanna smoke it with me?

[Jake makes a fist and puts it up for a fist-bump. Rosie makes a fist and smacks Jake's fist out of the way.]

ROSIE: Uh... not right now. It's... eleven-thirty... we're at work--

JAKE: I'll hit you up after work.

ROSIE: ...Yeah.

[Jake holds the bag up again and makes a face. Suddenly, Amir runs up and grabs Jake's arm.]

AMIR: And I will hit you up!

JAKE: Hey-- ow! Ow ow!

AMIR: Everybody relax. I am making an old-fashioned citizen's arrest!

JAKE: What are you doing? Stop it!

AMIR: I am stoppin' it! I'm stoppin' the war... [tightens the plastic handcuff around Jake's wrists] on drugs!

JAKE: That means you wouldn't be arresting me.

AMIR: [on the phone] Hello, 911? Yeah, I caught the bitch! He is alive and well, for now! Nah, he's not even an underling; he's the head of this frickin' operation. I just chopped the head off the frickin' snake! [laughs] This serpent beast-- yes, I'll hold.

JAKE: Okay-- hey-- you made the handcuffs too tight, alright? Untie me. Seriously.

AMIR: [still on the phone] Yeah. Hello? [rifling through Jake's pockets] Okay, so I got a stolen wallet here, a... a-- a burner cell...

JAKE: That's my wallet, and my iPhone.

AMIR: ...and keys, that I believe were used... in a murder-suicide!

JAKE: ...How?

AMIR: And eureka! [grabs Jake's bag of weed] I found it! [laughs] We're looking at a kilo, kilo and a half of that Colombian mud! [flicks the bag] This is Mexican grade-A shit. [to Jake] You chose the wrong bull to tangle with, compende? [to nobody in particular] Okay, here we go: selfie for the Insta! [takes a picture of himself with the bag] Hashtag... hashbag.

JAKE: Where did you even get these plastic handcuffs?

AMIR: I'll ask the questions here. [pause] Ace Hardware.

JAKE: You just answered my question.

AMIR: They're gonna throw the book at you, you know that? And you know what else? I'm gonna let 'em! 'Cause I have a lot of pull in this court system-- don't ask me how or why.

JAKE: How and why?

AMIR: A judge ran over my face when I was six! Want to know the saddest part?

JAKE: That you survived.

AMIR: That I used to respect you. And now I know the truth about you... you're a drug.

JAKE: It's a little bit of weed! ...You loser!

AMIR: If I'm a loser, then I'm the biggest loser! Because truth be bold, I've got a quota to hit this month, and I am very much so under! Ever heard of bein' on thin ice? Well it is springtime, my friend, and I am swimmin' in the shit! I guess you could say I'm up Shit's Creek... with a paddle.

ROSIE: Hey... enough. Enough.

AMIR: Ho-ly shit, you must be dumber than you look. I gave you a get-out-of-jail-free tard and you're throwin' it back in my face!

ROSIE: ...It's oregano.

JAKE AND AMIR: [simultaneously] What?

ROSIE: I've been... sellin' to Jake for two years; he says the stuff gets him really fucked-up. [chuckles] I don't... I don't sell drugs; I don't-- I don't even know where to... fuckin' buy drugs, man.

[Rosie takes off his cap. He suddenly looks completely different.]

ROSIE: I'm a phony.

JAKE: Bull-shite! I only smoke the dankest reefer.

AMIR: Aww. [on the phone] Code green, code green. This tween got stale herb. Call off the--

JAKE: Hey-- gimme the phone! Gimme the phone-- [on the phone] Officer? Officer, I am blazed, high, stoned, and gone! I need a slap on the wrist, and some munchie snacks! Yes. Yes, Your Honor.

AMIR: She's... not a judge--

JAKE I was gonna sprinkle it in a doobie. ...I cannot tell a high!

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: Hey, welcome to Jake and Amir, and if you think this is funny, [chuckles] keep watchin'!

JAKE: Oh my-- you suck.

[Jake is at his desk. Amir enters and sits down.]

AMIR: You're driving down the road; make sure to pay... the scroll!

[Amir unrolls a very thin, fragile-looking scroll. Jake doesn't react.]

AMIR: I got the cure for the common scroll!

[Jake still doesn't react.]

AMIR: Stop being such an ass-scroll.

JAKE: You know, I'm trying this new thing... where I ignore you, to see if that makes you--

AMIR: [reading from the scroll] "Top ten ways to celebrate this country's birthday, AKA: the Fourth of Julay!"

JAKE: Can you please not read to me from that flimsy, shitty little scroll?

AMIR: "Number ten:" [Jake shakes his head] "sit in a den! With the lights real dim by the couch that you're lying, nobody can tell that your eyes have been crying."

JAKE: What are you talking about? Are you sad?

AMIR: I'm not sad! I'm devastated! "Number nine: laying supine! You're flat on the floor, calling your mother a whore through a more-than-locked door! Tears pour down my cheek because news flash: I'm weak!"

[In the background, Paul can be heard yelling at somebody. Jake and Amir look around]

PAUL: Enough. Enough, enough! Leave this office!

OTHER PERSON: Okay, okay--

[Jake turns his attention back to Amir.]

JAKE: Are you okay?

AMIR: I'm more than okay! I'm devastated! "Number eight: the food's been great! I don't mean to get rambly, but why don't you just have a barbecue with your fambly?"

JAKE: Fine. You know what? That one's nice. Stop reading the list. I responded to one; I'll follow it--

AMIR: "Number seven: whoa, have a nice time in Heaven! You thought that burger was bison? Nah. That burger was ricin! With a patty this thick, it can sedate a family of sick! And mamma mia, I've dumped a bottle of Visine in the sangria! Clear eyes, full farts? Can't booze!"

JAKE: You absolute monster, you're talking about poisoning your family.

AMIR: "Number six: I can fix this. '911? My dad's real sick! He's OD'd on Visine; it's the worst case that I've seen! Ohhh! You'll send an ambulance? That's perfect! Oh, what's my address? Sorry, motherfucker, you'll have to guess! Yeah!'"

JAKE: You depraved lunatic! Okay, you're talking about calling an ambulance in front of your dying family, and then not giving the EMT team the directions to your house? You'll-- you'll go to jail for that! I think you'd go to jail for even writing that!

AMIR: Oh no! Jail! Well, I have a plan that won't fail. "Number five: 'Keep me alive! I don't want your death penalty, Your Honor! It was a simple mistake! Does your yard need to be raked?'"

JAKE: Great, so your "plan that won't fail" is to publicly bribe a judge, [Amir grins smugly as Jake speaks] in a court of law, with a task that could easily do himself?

AMIR: "Number four: 'This yard work's a bore! I don't wanna do this chore!'"

JAKE: So in some miraculous turn of events, [Amir mock-cries by blinking and quivering his lip] the judge actually accepts your bribe in this fantasy world, and the way you repay fate for giving you this awesome favor [Amir grins and nods] is by being too lazy to rake a yard?

AMIR: "Number three:"

JAKE: Holy shit...

AMIR: "...fireworks for me! Head down to the local docks and watch the red, white, and blue o'er the land of the free and the home of the brave! Our ancestors fought, bled, and even died for this country, and the least we can do is take a moment to celebrate their effort, to cherish what we have. Even if life isn't perfect-- you know, 'cause let's face it, whose is?-- just sit down and reflect. You know, you can make anything you want for yourself, and that's what America is; that's what makes it the greatest country in the world!"

JAKE: Okay. ...Okay!

AMIR: "Number two: take a poo. Right down there on the docks that you've been reflecting on, too! George Washington, you dreamy, dreamy oaf. Now lay down, open your mouth, and swallow my steamy, steamy loaf."

JAKE: ...I think you need to die.

[Amir makes a confused face.]

JAKE: Yeah.

AMIR: ...Excuse me?

JAKE: It's been six years, and you're getting worse. Okay? I think the world would just be... an infinitely better place if you weren't in it.

AMIR: Okay, [chuckles feebly] uh, "number one--"

JAKE: No. You shouldn't be allowed to breathe.

[Amir sits in silence, obviously hurt. He smiles weakly at Jake.]

AMIR: [choking up] Please let me finish.

JAKE: Please finish your life.

AMIR: You're upsetting me, dude--

JAKE: Be dead!

AMIR: [choking up] Uhhh, whoa-- [sobs, grabs his chest] --something's happening. I can't even-- I don't even know if I can finish the list at this point, because I am [sobs] short of breath or something! [sobbing, stammering] What d-- what d-- what d-- what did you do with this-- you put some weird, like, hex on me or something--

JAKE: No, you're just crying.

AMIR: [still crying] No, I'm more than crying! I'm like-- [sobbing to the point of hyperventilation] I don't know! It's indescribable, I'm like... [breaks down]

JAKE: Okay, well then you're sobbing.

AMIR: [still crying] No, n-- what is that? What is sobbing? I'm like-- [sobs] --scared-- [sobs] --and-- [breaks down again]

JAKE: Okay, why don't you just go home, okay?

AMIR: [still crying] I can't go home; I think-- I think I'll die in the subway, I'm like-- [sobbing uncontrollably] ...what did you do to me? You witch doctor!

JAKE: Just because I made you cry, you think I cast a spell on you?

AMIR: [still crying] Yeah! That's exactly what it is! You demon! You sorcerer! What is this black magic--

JAKE: Okay, I was kidding, alright?

[Amir immediately stops.]

AMIR: Oh... thank gosh.

JAKE: Holy shit.

AMIR: That was...

[Amir, shaken and seemingly lost for words, can't finish the sentence. Eventually he picks the scroll back up and resumes as if nothing had happened.]

AMIR: "--have fun in the sun..."

JAKE: Jesus.

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: Hey, welcome to Jake and Amir, and if you think this is funny, [chuckles] keep watchin'!

JAKE: Oh my-- you suck.

[Jake is at his desk. Amir enters and sits down.]

AMIR: You're driving down the road; make sure to pay... the scroll!

[Amir unrolls a very thin, fragile-looking scroll. Jake doesn't react.]

AMIR: I got the cure for the common scroll!

[Jake still doesn't react.]

AMIR: Stop being such an ass-scroll.

JAKE: You know, I'm trying this new thing... where I ignore you, to see if that makes you--

AMIR: [reading from the scroll] "Top ten ways to celebrate this country's birthday, AKA: the Fourth of Julay!"

JAKE: Can you please not read to me from that flimsy, shitty little scroll?

AMIR: "Number ten:" [Jake shakes his head] "sit in a den! With the lights real dim by the couch that you're lying, nobody can tell that your eyes have been crying."

JAKE: What are you talking about? Are you sad?

AMIR: I'm not sad! I'm devastated! "Number nine: laying supine! You're flat on the floor, calling your mother a whore through a more-than-locked door! Tears pour down my cheek because news flash: I'm weak!"

[In the background, Paul can be heard yelling at Will (see Jake and Amir: Password)[1] . Amir looks up from his scroll, and he and Jake look around for the source of the commotion.]

PAUL: Enough. Enough, enough! Leave this office!

WILL: I can't! I can't, I can't!

[Jake turns his attention back to Amir.]

JAKE: Are you okay?

AMIR: I'm more than okay! I'm devastated! "Number eight: the food's been great! I don't mean to get rambly, but why don't you just have a barbecue with your fambly?"

JAKE: Fine. You know what? That one's nice. Stop reading the list. I responded to one; I'll follow it--

AMIR: "Number seven: whoa, have a nice time in Heaven! You thought that burger was bison? Nah. That burger was ricin! With a patty this thick, it can sedate a family of sick! And mamma mia, I've dumped a bottle of Visine in the sangria! Clear eyes, full farts? Can't booze!"

JAKE: You absolute monster, you're talking about poisoning your family.

AMIR: "Number six: I can fix this. '911? My dad's real sick! He's OD'd on Visine; it's the worst case that I've seen! Ohhh! You'll send an ambulance? That's perfect! Oh, what's my address? Sorry, motherfucker, you'll have to guess! Yeah!'"

JAKE: You depraved lunatic! Okay, you're talking about calling an ambulance in front of your dying family, and then not giving the EMT team the directions to your house? You'll-- you'll go to jail for that! I think you'd go to jail for even writing that!

AMIR: Oh no! Jail! Well, I have a plan that won't fail. "Number five: 'Keep me alive! I don't want your death penalty, Your Honor! It was a simple mistake! Does your yard need to be raked?'"

JAKE: Great, so your "plan that won't fail" is to publicly bribe a judge, [Amir grins smugly as Jake speaks] in a court of law, with a task that could easily do himself?

AMIR: "Number four: 'This yard work's a bore! I don't wanna do this chore!'"

JAKE: So in some miraculous turn of events, [Amir mock-cries by blinking and quivering his lip] the judge actually accepts your bribe in this fantasy world, and the way you repay fate for giving you this awesome favor [Amir grins and nods] is by being too lazy to rake a yard?

AMIR: "Number three:"

JAKE: Holy shit...

AMIR: "...fireworks for me! Head down to the local docks and watch the red, white, and blue o'er the land of the free and the home of the brave! Our ancestors fought, bled, and even died for this country, and the least we can do is take a moment to celebrate their effort, to cherish what we have. Even if life isn't perfect-- you know, 'cause let's face it, whose is?-- just sit down and reflect. You know, you can make anything you want for yourself, and that's what America is; that's what makes it the greatest country in the world!"

JAKE: Okay. ...Okay!

AMIR: "Number two: take a poo. Right down there on the docks that you've been reflecting on, too! George Washington, you dreamy, dreamy oaf. Now lay down, open your mouth, and swallow my steamy, steamy loaf."

JAKE: ...I think you need to die.

[Amir makes a confused face.]

JAKE: Yeah.

AMIR: ...Excuse me?

JAKE: It's been six years, and you're getting worse. Okay? I think the world would just be... an infinitely better place if you weren't in it.

AMIR: Okay, [chuckles feebly] uh, "number one--"

JAKE: No. You shouldn't be allowed to breathe.

[Amir sits in silence, obviously hurt. He smiles weakly at Jake.]

AMIR: [choking up] Please let me finish.

JAKE: Please finish your life.

AMIR: You're upsetting me, dude--

JAKE: Be dead!

AMIR: [choking up] Uhhh, whoa-- [sobs, grabs his chest] --something's happening. I can't even-- I don't even know if I can finish the list at this point, because I am [sobs] short of breath or something! [sobbing, stammering] What d-- what d-- what d-- what did you do with this-- you put some weird, like, hex on me or something--

JAKE: No, you're just crying.

AMIR: [still crying] No, I'm more than crying! I'm like-- [sobbing to the point of hyperventilation] I don't know! It's indescribable, I'm like... [breaks down]

JAKE: Okay, well then you're sobbing.

AMIR: [still crying] No, n-- what is that? What is sobbing? I'm like-- [sobs] --scared-- [sobs] --and-- [breaks down again]

JAKE: Okay, why don't you just go home, okay?

AMIR: [still crying] I can't go home; I think-- I think I'll die in the subway, I'm like-- [sobbing uncontrollably] ...what did you do to me? You witch doctor!

JAKE: Just because I made you cry, you think I cast a spell on you?

AMIR: [still crying] Yeah! That's exactly what it is! You demon! You sorcerer! What is this black magic--

JAKE: Okay, I was kidding, alright?

[Amir immediately stops.]

AMIR: Oh... thank gosh.

JAKE: Holy shit.

AMIR: That was...

[Amir, shaken and seemingly lost for words, can't finish the sentence. Eventually he picks the scroll back up and resumes as if nothing had happened.]

AMIR: "--have fun in the sun..."

JAKE: Jesus.

END													

														INTRO

JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!

AMIR: ...Gimme a hug--

JAKE: Get off of me.

AMIR: Oh my God.

JAKE: You're wet.

[Paul is in his office, playing Tiny Wings.]

PAUL: Yes, yes, yes--

[He loses.]

PAUL: D'ohhh... dammit!

[Will enters and closes the door.]

WILL: Uh, sir? Is this a bad time?

PAUL: Well it is now! You just made me lose my Tiny Wings!

WILL: Oh-- you said "dammit" before I entered.

PAUL: I saw you entering and it broke my concentration.

[Will nods solemnly.]

PAUL: What is it.

WILL: Well... [laughs] your lunch.

[Will holds up a paper bag with "POL" written on it]

PAUL: BLT?

WILL: That's right! Bacon, lettuce, and tangerine.

PAUL: On raw, uncooked whole wheat dough?

WILL: Yes, sir!

PAUL: Perfect. Give it here, give it here, give it here!

[Paul grabs the bag.]

PAUL: Ahhh, yes! Excellent, excellent! [kisses the bag] Oh, and Will?

[Will, about to leave, turns back around.]

WILL: Hm?

PAUL: Look, I know it's not your place...

WILL: Of course not.

PAUL: ...Will you help me pick a password for my email?

[Will scoffs, overwhelmed.]

WILL: I'd be honored!

PAUL: Excellent. Okay... start brainstorming. No bad ideas.

WILL: Banana13.

PAUL: Leave.

WILL: No... no no no no no, please... please, uh, uhhh, uh-- Blue-comma-Yankee-twenty-seven. ["blue,yankee27" or maybe "bluecommayankee27"]

PAUL: Will, get out!

WILL: Karate, karate!

PAUL: This experiment is more than over.

[A long silence ensues. Will goes to leave, but then turns around.]

WILL: 12997345--

PAUL: Enough. Enough, enough! Stop talking, stop talking!

WILL: --write it down; this is gold. 3345HHH--

WILL: I can't! I can't, I can't!

[Elsewhere, Jake and Amir hear Paul yelling at Will (see Jake and Amir: 4th of July Scroll)[1] . Amir looks up from his scroll, and he and Jake look around for the source of the commotion.]

PAUL: [sigh] Alright. Alright. Have a seat.

[Will sits cross-legged on the floor beside the chair.]

PAUL: I can't tell you how many assistants I've lost to this password juncture. You're the only one with the capacity for such tenacity and audacity. But more than anything, I admire your veracity.

WILL: [chuckles] I think we just found our password!

[Will gets up and types "Veracity" into the password box.]

PAUL: No. [laughs] did you think it would be that easy?

WILL: [slyly] ...Of course not.

[Will hits another key. The password now reads "Veracity8".]

PAUL: Will... how can I put this so your monkey brain can understand it? I need a password that you're gonna forget when you walk out of this office!

WILL: Sir?

PAUL: Well-- say I use Veracity8, and then I write a scathing email to my wife about what a baboon my assistant is. Do you think I want you to be able to read that? Do you think I want you to know how big of a chimp you are?

[Will is standing at attention, trying to keep from emoting.]

PAUL: No wonder you chose Banana13! It's your favorite food and your IQ!

WILL: ...I deserved that.

PAUL: Come up with something that you'll forget.

WILL: Corn1228738... B4G.

PAUL: ...Well, I can't remember that, you big ape.

WILL: Okay, how about a loved one's birthday? Right? That way you'll remember it, and I won't.

PAUL: ...Actually, that's perfect!

WILL: You're perfect.

[Paul does a double-take at Will, then turns his attention to his screen. He types "A Loved One's Birthday" into the box.]

PAUL: Finally. Now I can eat my lunch in peace.

[He takes out his sandwich. Before he takes a bite, he stops to inspect one of the tangerine slices.]

PAUL: ...Is this a clementine?

[Will, frightened, begins making ape noises.]

PAUL: Is this a fucking clementine?

[Will makes more ape noises in fear as Paul begins force-feeding him the sandwich.]

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: Hey, you are watching Jake and Amir! (laughs) That was funny!

JAKE: Why? What was funny?

AMIR: I don't know...

AMIR throws a pencil to grab JAKE's attention and then waves at him.

JAKE shakes his head.

AMIR: I'm sorry, do I have swag?

JAKE: (sighs)

AMIR: And enough said!

JAKE: I didn't say anything.

AMIR: Exactly, the fact that you didn't answer right away with an enthusiastic voice yes means obviously I don't!

JAKE: Yeah, you know what, I guess you don't.

AMIR: Hahaha...wow that's the nail in my metaphorical -for now- coffin.

JAKE: Jesus.

AMIR: I'm a serious jude, I eat at the chillest restaurants, hang out with the hottest guys, and yet I don't have swag! You know why? Cause of my frickin' jew nose and my two beady jew eyes.

JAKE shakes his head disapprovingly, once more.

AMIR: (starts crying)

JAKE: Are you really crying again?

AMIR: This is so dumb!

JAKE: Yes! OK, you are 30 years old. People are married with kids at your age and you are crying, okay? You-- you don't wear the best clothes, by the way. You are currently wearing a pair of khakis that you shit in over a year ago!

AMIR: It was J-Crew!

JAKE: Wash them!

AMIR: I am serious dude! I honestly feel like god owes me money at this point for dealing me more than a shit hand. And I am not talking about being paid back karmically, like with a good career opportunity, or a love interest. I am talking about Him! Owing me! Cash!

JAKE: You self-centered piece of shit.

AMIR: Yeah.

JAKE: Prick.

AMIR: Watch out.

JAKE: You are a microscopic fleck of dirt, dude!

AMIR makes a "wow" expression.

JAKE: You are awful, you are an awful ugly person.

AMIR: Agreed. With two buck teeth and no ears!

JAKE: You have ears.

AMIR: Oh, bullshit, you are just trying to make me feel better.

JAKE: You know, I am not talking about your physical appearance, I am saying your attitude is so negative that it makes you an ugly person.

AMIR: Yeah, I agree! Also, I have not one, not two, but one infected nipple ring!

JAKE: What if I just told you that you have swag? Would you stop talking then?

AMIR: No, because at this point, I feel like you'd just say it to shut me up and it wouldn't mean anything because you didn't say it originally!

JAKE: You have swag.

Silence. AMIR tries to start a sentence, multiple times.

AMIR: For real?

JAKE: Yah.

AMIR: Yah.

AMIR wears sunglasses.

AMIR: Thank you. Actually, that means a lot coming from you, believe it or not I, uh, (smirks) I don't know, I'm kind of weirdly obsessed with you I guess...hah, so for you to say something like that to me, I don't know--

JAKE: Cool. It's fine.

AMIR: I like it, I guess.

JAKE: Quiet.

AMIR: I appreciate it.

JAKE: You are welcome.

AMIR: (singing in the melody of "I got you, babe") cause I got swag

JAKE: A few seconds ago-- (silence) what the fuck was that?

AMIR: It was a stupid, stupid song.

JAKE: Go ahead and finish it. I'd love to see this, yeah.

AMIR: I made a dumb, cause I thought you'd cut it off, there's no end to it, it's just-- it's like, uh-- I barely wrote it. It's basically like, uh, this and that. The tune is-- I can't do the tune now, because I'm like... about to cry, but the lyrics were the weakest link, they were-- it's so dumb, why do you make me do this? It's hard to say without the tune, which is actually, pretty tight, but I can't do that because I am sad as shit. It was (attempts to sing) I got swag... I got swag... Tell the world that--

JAKE: Does it feel like you have swag?

AMIR: It actually feels like a, uh, burning sensation in my chestal area! (lifts shirt)

JAKE: That's an infected nipple!

AMIR: Hashtag swag!													

														INTRO

JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!

AMIR: And [singing] I dream of California--

JAKE: Oh my God. Your voice sucks.

AMIR: Sorry.

[Jake and Amir are at their desks. Suddenly the first few seconds of Rick Astley's "Never Gonna Give You Up" begin playing out of Amir's speakers, and then it abruptly stops again.]

JAKE: You asshole.

AMIR: [with milk and Oreos spilling out of his mouth, mostly unintelligible] Gotcha! [laughing maniacally] Ahh, [unintelligible, sounds like "you just Rickrolled face"], bitch!

JAKE: You unbelievable dick!

AMIR: What?

JAKE: Swallow your food.

AMIR: Swallow your pride!

JAKE: You just Rickrolled an email thread of people planning a funeral, man!

AMIR: Relax, dude! it's a meme!

JAKE: It's a meme.

AMIR: You're not gonna make me feel bad about this.

JAKE: ...Why not?

AMIR: 'Cause it was a joke! Have you ever heard of pushing the envelope? Oooh! Have you ever seen Hall Pass?

JAKE: Is that a risque comedy?

AMIR: No, I just realized I rented it yesterday from a Redbox for a buck, and I don't have a place to watch it.

[Another employee gets Rickrolled by Amir's email, and throws his headphones down in anger.]

JAKE: Don't open his email, everybody.

AMIR: Y'all just got Punk'd! [chuckles]

[A pair of scissors flies past Amir's head.]

AMIR: Whoa! Who threw the scissors? Not cool!

JAKE: You know what's not cool, is you replying all to this email thread where we're mourning and planning Amanda Ferri's funeral, [Amir rolls his eyes] and saying, "I think these flowers are wild and playful, much like Amanda was. I believe these dragon lilies capture not only her essence, but also her spirit." [Amir takes a swig of milk] "They're a tad bit on the pricey side, but she was more than worth it." And then the link is a Rickroll.

[Will walks up, in tears.]

WILL: You monster. You trash man.

JAKE: Will.

WILL: I know. It's not my place.

[Will leaves.]

AMIR: Okay. You know that guy eats his own shit? Why aren't more people talking about that?

JAKE: Focus.

AMIR: ...I hope you die next.

JAKE: Excuse me?

AMIR: [doing a bizarre accent] Excuse you? Yeah, excuse you? ...Yeah, excuse you! [normally] ...What are you talking about?

JAKE: What did you just say to me?

AMIR: I said I hope you die next!

JAKE: [shaking his head] ...And that's okay?

AMIR: I'm serious, man, and I have a weird premonition about this kind of shit. I mean, look at this last text message that I sent Amanda.

[Amir holds his phone up for Jake to read, and burps loudly.]

JAKE: "Sleep well, my sweet angel"? You sent that yesterday, and she died three days ago.

AMIR: Yeah, but I didn't know that!

JAKE: Yes you did.

AMIR: Prove it!

JAKE: The email that you sent, on the same exact thread! [Amir laughs silently as milk spills down his chin] "I'm so sorry to hear about Amanda. This is more than a shock; it's a downright shame--" that's not more than a shock, by the way. It's just different. [Amir eats some more Oreos.] Then you continue: "If you need to smile in this hour of need, I urge you to read about this meme I found called Rickrolling."

AMIR: [half an Oreo falling out of his mouth] It's called a mm!

JAKE: No, it's not. You continue: "There are many funny videos online of people being rolled by Rick at inopportune times... actually, that gives me an idea."

AMIR: The rest... is comedy present, past, and fut--

[Amir is interrupted when another pair of scissors is thrown and impales him in the neck.]

JAKE: Oh!

AMIR: Ohh! ...Aaah!

JAKE: Aaah!

AMIR: Aaah!

JAKE: Aaah!

AMIR: Aaah!

JAKE: Aaah!

AMIR: Aaah!

JAKE: Aaah!

AMIR: Oh, did it get me?

JAKE: Oh, it got you!

AMIR: Aaah!

JAKE: Aaah!

AMIR: Aaah!

JAKE: Aaah!

AMIR: Aaah!

JAKE: Aaah!

AMIR: Aaah!

JAKE: Aaah!

AMIR: Aaah!

END													

														INTRO

JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.

AMIR: Alright, trick, don't kill my vibe.

JAKE: Stop it.

AMIR: I'm serious!

START

AMIR: I'm on a bus and, it's going fast and...

JAKE: You know the only reason we're on this bus is cause you got us kicked off the train for pretending to be a conductor.

AMIR: That's not how the rap goes.

AMIR: I feel like busses are for people who can't afford shit. Like whips and shit.

JAKE: I don't know where you get this false sense of entitlement, but you also can't afford shit.

AMIR: Yeah well except my dad had an Audi. So thanks for playing!

JAKE: He had an Audi?

AMIR: Yeah, he really did, he had an Audi!

JAKE: Like he used to own an Audi?

AMIR: No like he leased an Audi. Leased to own an Audi.

JAKE: What you did was a felony.

AMIR: Oh no, lock me up and throw away the key!

JAKE: That's what they would do!

AMIR: Really? That's bad news actually cause I wouldn't last a day in jail.

JAKE: You stood outside the train yelling "all awhored," and then once the doors shut you said "Everyone listen up this is an emergency, there's Anthrax on the train, take off all your clothes."

AMIR: It was a goof!

JAKE: You're a goof.

AMIR: Excuse me. I have very thick skin but that was a low blow.

JAKE: You're a goof?

AMIR: ENOUGH!

(Amir is flashing his nipples outside the window)

JAKE: Hey, hey, that's a toddler dude!

AMIR: This is what's up. This is why I don't needs to rides the bus.

JAKE: You know you're currently on the bus, which is, you know, not a great place to brandish your eleven dollars.

AMIR: I flaunts it cause I don't needs it. And I don't give a sh- OH! OH NO!

JAKE: What are you listening to?

AMIR: IT'S NIGGERS IN PARIS. NIGGERS IN-

JAKE: I GOT IT.

JAKE: The police showed up and you said you were a Jon Stewart type comedian making a point about subway culture. You said you were a political activist rising up against this see something, say nothing bull sheeite. A mix between Che Guevara, Bam Margera, and Dom Irrera. And then you said "I'm part of the sixty-nine percent." And when nobody laughed, you started crying.

AMIR: Do you know what that means? I feel like if you knew what that meant, the sixty-nine thing, you'd be cracking up.

JAKE: I know what that is.

AMIR: Not the number, ass. It's a sex thing. Okay, it's when a girl eats your butt. Sixty-nine.

AMIR: You're poor. You're poor. Y'all are poor. And I'm a rich bitch.

JAKE: You're a bitch?

AMIR: I'm not a bitch. I'm rich.

AMIR: How's your summer been?

JAKE: Fine.

AMIR: Fine. I knew you'd give a fricken' one word answer and I knew you'd say fine, and to prove it, I wrote it down on a piece of paper before I left my apartment this morning. Exhibit A!

JAKE: This says "Urinals are for pee-pee, toilets are for doo-doo."

AMIR: Other side then.

JAKE: It's a bunch of drafts of one liners. The last one being "I'm the sixty-nine percent."

AMIR: Wrong note then.

JAKE: Yeah! Yeah it is, I can't believe you thought this said fine.

AMIR: Wrong note I said!

JAKE (At the same time Amir is speaking): There's so many words. You thought it said fine? You thought there was a chance-

AMIR (At the same time Jake is speaking): You already embarrassed me. You already ashamed me.

AMIR: Raise your hand if you think I have social issues!

JAKE: You know, can you really not just sit still?

JAKE: I told the officers you had a personality disorder, and they almost let us go but then you stole a billy club and hit a policeman in the shin with it. You said "Score one for the Hurwitz brothers! If you don't like our power, take it from us with brute force." That's when we were both tased.

AMIR: Why are you rehashing this shit? Alright, I was there.

JAKE: I know you were there.

AMIR: So you don't have to repeat it okay, just move on!

JAKE: Ok, fine, I'm-

AMIR: MOVE ON! MOVE ON! MOVE ON! (People on the bus start to chant) MOVE ON! MOVE ON! MOVE ON!

JAKE: HOW CAN YOU START CHANTS THIS EASILY?													

														INTRO

AMIR: Hey, welcome to Jake and Amir! When you're here, it's like every--

JAKE: Time's up.

AMIR: Yeah, okay. Sorry.

[Jake is at his desk. Amir approaches with his arm around Michael Fink, leading him towards Jake.]

AMIR: [singing reverently] Make way, for Shia the Beef! [laughs]

JAKE: Hey--

AMIR: [speaking, but still maintaining a tempo] Hey, you! Clear the way! It's an A-list star! Yes, you! Out of the way, it's an A-list star!

JAKE: You just rhymed "star" with "star"?

AMIR: I'm just flustered because I'm around a frickin' celebutante! Yeah, Shia the frickin' Beef, in the flesh! You're looking at a quadruple-threat, motherfucker! [begins counting down on his fingers for emphasis] Film star! Movie star! TV star! And guess what? [makes a popping sound with his mouth] He's got an Instagram!

JAKE: Does he really?

AMIR: Not yet, but you're looking at a social media team, [gestures to Mike and himself] and you'd better believe that's top-notch number-one priority.

JAKE: You know you have an actual job here, right?

AMIR: Not for long!

JAKE: You're probably right-- also, how does having an Instagram make him a quadruple-threat?

AMIR: I don't even know why I'm talking to you right now! You're sitting in the king's throne! Up, or off with your head!

JAKE: This is my desk.

MIKE: [pointing behind himself] I can sit over there...

AMIR: No! Nonsense, sir! And I'm really sorry you have to see me like this, but please, Jake! Immediately! Get the fuck up! This is Shia the fuckin' Beef!

JAKE: You know, I think you actually like when he sees you like this. I think you get off on it, 'cause you act this way every single time Mike Fink-- by the way, not Shia LaBeouf-- comes to the office.

AMIR: "Mike Fink", right? "John Doe"? Okay? We don't have to use alii. We're friends here, and Shia, by the way, you're not foolin' anyone, okay? I can smell Megan Fox's naked box on your bated breath, and guess what? [imitates cunnilingus with his fingers] It tastes good!

JAKE: Don't do that.

AMIR: Don't tell me what to do; only one person can tell me what to do, and he's standing right here. [points to Mike]

MIKE: Yeah, you really shouldn't do that.

AMIR: Then I won't.

JAKE: Why do you think he's Shia LaBeouf? Why do you think that?

AMIR: Chia the frickin' Bean! Get it right or pay the price.

JAKE: You're mispronouncing it.

[Will suddenly appears and runs up to Mike.]

WILL: Excuse me? Mister LaBeouf? I know it's not my place, but could I trouble you for an autograph?

MIKE: ...Sure...

[Mike takes Will's marker, and writes "MIKE" on his paper. Will grabs the paper excitedly and runs away.]

AMIR: Now do you believe me?

JAKE: What, 'cause Will asked for an autograph?

AMIR: Yeah!

JAKE: That guy eats his own shit.

AMIR: Low blow!

JAKE: How so?

AMIR: Hell no! Shia, please! Enlighten the man!

MIKE: My name is Mike, and I'm not a celebrity.

AMIR: ...Wow! [pause] Ever humble, even though this motherfucker starred in Holes, then went on to fill up Megan Fox's holes! I'm serious, dude! You gotta tell me about that shit! I want the deets! I have such a crush on her.

JAKE: This is so inappropriate for work!

AMIR: Wow, Jake's never been to Hollywood, Nollywood, nor Bollywood. And it's clear to me that Megan Fox jumped on your jolly wood, and rode that dolly good!

JAKE: Will you please let Mike work?

AMIR: I will! And I'll help him work; in fact, I want to be your Johnny Drama and your Turtle. If there's anything you need, I'm your man. I might be a vegetarian, but tonight... I'm eating Beef!

JAKE: You're not a vegetarian.

AMIR: That's actually a good point: we should release a sex tape.

JAKE: I didn't say that.

AMIR: No no no, something tasteful at first-- you know, a little kissy-kissy, a little anal-- and then, when people aren't ready for it, boom! We hit 'em with the big one! We're viral!

JAKE: What's tasteful about kissy-kissy and then going to anal?

AMIR: Kissy-kissy! [makes kissing noises] Kissy-kissy!

JAKE: Anal.

AMIR: ...Oh.

JAKE: If anal is tasteful to you, what's "the big one"?

[Will walks up behind them with brown smears around his mouth.]

WILL: Uh, sorry, could I get a selfie?

[Will holds out his phone to take a picture of himself with Mike.]

JAKE: Hey, Will, what were you eating?

WILL: Uh... [takes the picture] my own shit, actually.

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir-- oh! My nose is bleeding.

JAKE: It's always bleeding.

AMIR: Yeah, but this time it's, like, for real!

JAKE: [rapping in a low nasal voice] Ass so frat, we sat at the frat, we back to the frat, we sat on that ass, we back to the frat!

AMIR: What are you doing?

JAKE: I got a bid! ...That's what I'm doing!

AMIR: What's a bid?

[Jake holds up a paper reading "Congratulations on Your Bid to Upsilon Upsilon Upsilon, Jake Hurwitz", decorated with an emblem for YYY as well as a pattern of skulls and crossbones.]

JAKE: A bid is a ticket! A ticket in! I'm a goddamn Greek god now. Okay? I'm pledging a frat.

AMIR: Why are you pledging a frat?

JAKE: First of all, can you not do me the disservice? Don't do me the dishonor, the disrespect of calling it a "frat"? Okay? It's a fraternity. Would you call your country a cunt?

AMIR: My country's a cunt.

JAKE: Traitor!

AMIR: You called it a frat first!

JAKE: Did I? Did I for real though? [suddenly nervous] ...Don't tell my Bigs. Do not-- dude, I'll suck your dick.

AMIR: Stop it.

JAKE: No, I will.

AMIR: I know. Stop it!

JAKE: Secondly, being in a fraternity is the highest form of brotherhood. It gets you made, paid, and-- oh yeah!-- it gets you laid.

AMIR: How does it get you paid?

JAKE: ...Sorry?

AMIR: How does it get you paid?

JAKE: It gets you laid, I said.

AMIR: No, you said paid, and made--

JAKE: Made.

AMIR: ...Paid.

JAKE: P-- You know what? It gets you paid in pussy. Yeah. That's what it does. Liquid pussy. That's currency in my frat. Okay? My fraternity. You got that? Have you ever hooked up with a sorority girl?

AMIR: No.

JAKE: Well you know what? Pretty soon, that's something you and I won't have in common.

AMIR: Isn't there, like, hazing and stuff?

JAKE: Holy shit, you really don't get it, do you? Upsilon Upsilon Upsilon doesn't believe in hazing, okay? They believe in the bond, forged by brothers, committing acts of courage for one another.

AMIR: So what did you have to do?

JAKE: Eat socks, chug a bottle of absinthe 'till I puked, get whipped on my ass, wear a vibrating dildo around my neck for an entire day, call my mom, tell her my brother was dead, call my brother, tell him I was gay, and me and a bunch of other pledges had to hold each other's dicks in a basement while we walked around like elephants. It's called the elephant-walk and, uh, this elephant wishes he could forget. [chuckles] I also ate six banana peels--

AMIR: Jesus! Why?

JAKE: Because I'm not allowed to question why! Because our bond is tighter than the glue they used to seal my asshole shut before our Triple Chili Challenge. Okay? Because Upsilon Upsilon Upsilon is a global... brand!

[Jake holds up his arm. "YYY" has been branded onto his bicep.]

AMIR: Holy shit!

JAKE: Yeah!

AMIR: Did that hurt?

JAKE: Still hurts! Hasn't stopped hurting! It's a third-degree burn, brother! But, um, I can think of something hotter! It's a sorority girl's ta-tas! And-- they're on my ya-ya!

AMIR: Why, why, why!

JAKE: [slaps the brand] Why not?

AMIR: No, I was just reading it. Y-Y-Y.

[A beeper on Jake's desk vibrates.]

JAKE: Shit! Dude, that's Dick-Tooth. Give me your phone, quick!

AMIR: Why don't you just call him on your phone?

JAKE: 'Cause Dick-T threw it in a river!

AMIR: You mean Dick-Tooth.

JAKE: No! It's two different people, ass! Give me your phone, or I can kiss my bid goodbye!

[A member of the fraternity, presumably Dick-Tooth, shows up.]

DICK-TOOTH: Holy shit! God damn, Hur-bitch! I thought you was dead! I beeped you, and I got nothing back!

JAKE: [standing at attention] It is I: Hur-bitch. I am your humble servant; you are my proud master. Your word is my command. You letters are my brand. [displays YYY brand]

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, and if you see my dad, have him call me! [chuckles]

JAKE: I feel bad for you.

[Jake and Amir are at their desks. Amir is chugging a water bottle. He wiggles his eyebrows at Jake, who's watching him disinterestedly. Amir swishes the water around in his mouth.]

JAKE: Swallow it.

[Cut back to Amir, who now has water droplets on his shirt.]

AMIR: Want to know a cute little life-hack? [wipes his mouth] If you're interested.

JAKE: I'm actually not interested. And that was very foul.

AMIR: It'll save you time and money, let alone effort, and... did I mention c-c-c-c-c-c-cash?

JAKE: You did when you said "money".

AMIR: Every time I fly, when I land, I'll pen a little complaint to the airline that flew me. You know, I'll come up with something like, uh, "oh, they denied me a drink", "oh, the food wasn't vegetarian"-- whatever miscellaneous hogwash pot-pourri comes to my crazy brain-- and like clockwork, within a business day, they're reimbursing me with a fifty-dollar voucher, a hundred-dollar voucher. I can sell that on the secondary market.

JAKE: You absolute ass.

AMIR: And proud of it!

JAKE: You jerk.

AMIR: Stop it! [laughing weakly] Okay? A-- a "thank you" would have sufficed, for saving you time, money, effort, and let alone c-c-c-c-cash!

JAKE: How does it save me time or effort? It costs both of those things, and you know, for most people this involves overcoming some kind of moral obstacle.

AMIR: Well I'm not most peoples!

JAKE: You say that like it's a good thing; it's a very bad thing. Alright? You're endangering people's jobs.

AMIR: Enda-- no, more than endangering! I've actually taken a pilot's wings before. I mean he wasn't fired, as it were, but he was definitely forced into an early retirement! I'm actually locked into litigation right now, so I can't speak with too much more detail about what's going on. [chuckles]

JAKE: What's going on?

AMIR: We're nine months deep and I do not have the capital to sustain this frickin' Law & Order: SV-Fuck-U! I have been grilled by several expert witnesses and a lot of professional cross-examiners, and I'm just sitting under oath, lying through my teeth at this point! [laughing] I actually broke twice! Yeah, I couldn't even keep a straight face. My own lawyer left the courtroom mid-testimony.

JAKE: Jesus!

AMIR: It is a shit-show! I'm so heavy in debt, but nobody wants to take this on pro-bueno! Seriously, I'm two million in the hole, and at this point I have to win the frickin' case just to break even! How is that normal? How is that fair?

JAKE: You know what? It's fair because it's all your fault! You did this to yourself; you're-- ...dude, you're robbing airlines!

AMIR: Oh, they rob us.

JAKE: No.

AMIR: Yeah.

JAKE: Don't. Please.

AMIR: No, have you-- have you seen these fares? They're gouging us!

JAKE: Don't turn this into some kind of noble cause, okay? You're incapable of having an idea that big.

AMIR: Have you seen Erin Brokovich?

JAKE: You're a small-time crook.

AMIR: Have you seen Erin Brokovich?

JAKE: Yes, I've seen Erin Brokovich, and you know what? She brought a small town to its feet and a corporation to its knees. You, sir, are no Erin Brokovich.

AMIR: [finishing his thought undeterred] Well I'm Erin Choke-a-bitch!

[Jake stares at Amir. Amir holds his final pose for a very long time for emphasis.]

JAKE: Stand up.

AMIR: [continuing to hold still] What?

JAKE: Stand up. I think I need to fight you.

AMIR: Why?

JAKE: Yeah! Uh--

[Jake stands up, clearly not accustomed to fighting but driven by rage nonetheless. Amir stands as well.]

JAKE: ...put up your dukes, I guess!

AMIR: I don't know if I want to. This is ridiculous!

JAKE: I know it's ridiculous, but I think it's finally come to blows, man.

AMIR: I can't hurt you! I can't punch you!

[Jake punches Amir in the stomach. Amir reflexively punches back, and connects with Jake's face.]

JAKE: Aaah! Ass!

AMIR: I'm sorry!

[Jake winds up and hits Amir in the jaw. Amir swings his foot around to connect with Jake's leg. Amir also punches Jake, but still seems shocked at his own actions. Jake punches Amir in the face. Jake punches Amir in the face again. Jake punches Amir in the face a third time. Jake winds up a final time and hits Amir in the throat. Amir falls to the floor and struggles to breathe.]

AMIR: [gasping] You a-- [gasp] You assh-- [gasp] oh--

[Amir's phone rings. He answers it.]

AMIR: [gasping] Hello? ...What? ...No, no-- Esquire, sir, with all due respect, that pilot touched me! [nervous chuckle]

[As Amir says this, he crosses his fingers and winks at Jake.]

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir! See, I told you we didn't need Jake. Wait-- you're not still recording, are you? ...Noooo!

[Various CollegeHumor employees, Jake and Amir included, are gathered in a group, watching Will consume a plate of human feces.]

WILL: And there you have it! Three pounds of human shit in two minutes.

[Everybody but Jake claps. Will takes a bow and rejoins the spectators.]

JAKE: Boo! Boo, right? Is that not a "boo"?

[Streeter steps up.]

STREETER: Alright, let's keep it going for Will! Hey-- that's what I call a shit-eatin' grin!

[Everybody but Jake laughs.]

WILL: It's true!

STREETER: Alright, next up, we have... Amir!

[Amir steps up and shakes Streeter's hand. There is sparse clapping.]

AMIR: Ahh, thank you Streeter! Please don't eat me!

STREETER: [laughs] Nice! Nice.

AMIR: "Nice"? You mean "rice", or so you wish!

[Streeter yanks his hand away.]

STREETER: [quietly] Come on.

[Streeter rejoins the spectators.]

AMIR: So! [chuckles, waves] The name's Amir, but you can call me Jake--

JAKE: Please don't.

AMIR: --and, uh... who here has a guess as to what my talent is?

[Amir's coworkers begin yelling at him.]

COWORKER 1: Kill yourself!

AMIR: No. Okay!

COWORKER 2: Leave.

AMIR: Stop that.

COWORKER 3: Boo! Boo. You suck.

AMIR: Jake? Help?

JAKE: Guys, I know Amir gets on everybody's nerves, okay, but... he's up there trying to share a talent with us, so... that takes some level of courage, I guess. Let's just give him our respect--

AMIR: My talent is slam poetry, and my passion is sticking it to South America.

JAKE: Nope. They're right. Boo. Leave.

[Amir holds up his construction-paper cards.]

AMIR: "Uruguay: you are a gay."

JAKE: Awful. Mean-spirited, small-minded, homophobic, hateful, slanderous, thoughtless, careless--

AMIR: "P--" okay-- "Peru: P.U." [waves his hand in front of his nose] And, uh, "Brazil: you can--" [flips cards] "--go to hil." ..."go to hell." Okay, feel free to not hold your applause to the end.

JAKE: They're not doing that.

AMIR: "Nicaragua: I need more agua." ...So.

JAKE: You know that's Central America, not South.

AMIR: It's south of America, and I urge you to stay silent until I'm done.

JAKE: You just urged everyone else to applaud.

AMIR: "Jamaica, mon: how 'bout you make a mon? Or are you too high?"

COWORKER 4: Get off the stage, nerd.

AMIR: How is this fair? Okay? I was the one making fun of other people, and now, like-- they're making fun of me!

JAKE: I think that's, like, the definition of "fair", buddy.

AMIR: I have several more, each one funnier than the last, but just by a show of hands, who wants me to stop?

[Everybody raises their hand.]

AMIR: Okay, who wants me to stop, but sort of sees that there's potential in this idea, and with a mentor and a page-two rewrite, can actually win this frickin' talent show?

[Everybody lowers their hand.]

AMIR: Sheep! You guys are all sheep! [pointing at coworkers] Moo, moo...

[Streeter comes up to escort Amir away.]

AMIR: ...and especially moo.

STREETER: Ok-- Alright. [shoves Amir away] Okay! Well, that was awkward. So, if there's, uh, no other talents, then I think we can declare a winn-

[Jake steps up.]

JAKE: Sorry, "no other talents"? [laughs] Your winner's right here, 'cause J-Witz knows how to beatbox!

[Jake begins a beatboxing performance that consists mostly of motorboat noises and strained breathing sounds. Streeter dances along in support, but nobody else enjoys it.]

EVERYBODY: Boo! Boo!

JAKE: Okay, that's it! Will, a pound of your shit. Right now. Get it over here.

WILL: Yes, sir!													

														INTRO

AMIR: Hey, you're just watching two handsome dudes do what they do.

JAKE: Oh, you're a dick.

AMIR: Why?

AMIR puts toothpaste on his toothbrush, thinks for a second, then washes it off.

JAKE: Wow, saw that.

AMIR: Relax, dude, I'm on vacation, okay? Don't make me regret traveling with you.

JAKE: I regret it. And you know, by the way, we're not actually traveling together. I went on a work trip, and when I got to the airport I went to baggage claim and you came out inside my duffel bag. Coiled up in there with two dislocated shoulders, nearly frozen to death. You whispered, "Surprise. Help me. Help me."

AMIR: Alright man, you said something nice I appreciate it, now stop talking before you ruin it.

JAKE: What did I say that was nice?

AMIR: Let's just go to bed okay? Lights out.

AMIR flicks off the light switch, and the episode is in pitch darkness until the very end. The only dialogue is a voice-over.

AMIR: Aah.

JAKE: You okay?

AMIR: Yeah. Just, uh, it's just dark as shit. Trying to find the bed.

JAKE: Turn on the light.

AMIR (After a think sound): Awwh!

JAKE: Turn on the light!

AMIR: And give up! You'd love to see that!

JAKE: I'll just turn on my light.

AMIR: No no no no no no no, I can do this!

JAKE: Pretty sad actually, that you're viewing this as a challenge.

AMIR: Either way, challenge accepted, and completed! 'Cause I just found the bed.

JAKE: Did you think you were pulling the metal faucet of a bed?

AMIR: Har har HARDLY. Which is why I'm about to turn it off! Aah! It's hot!

JAKE: Why are you in it?

AMIR: I thought I had to walk through it to get to the bedroom!

JAKE: Just turn on the light!

AMIR: Why? Why, so you could say I told you so?

JAKE: So we can go to bed, you idiot.

AMIR: We CAN go to bed. You're the idiot, 'cause I just found it, and to prove it, I'm gonna fall backwards into it, right now.

JAKE: Don't do this.

Loud thunk and farting noise

JAKE: Oh, god. Bud? Bud? Bud!

AMIR: grunting

JAKE: Oh my god, you sound like a different person.

AMIR: Missed the bed by a quarter foot. Worry not, crawling into her right now.

JAKE: My bed. This is my bed, get out, you're wet.

AMIR: Here we go.

JAKE: Why are you opening a drawer?

AMIR: Just getting my bearings straight, loser! Arrivederci!

Glass crashing

AMIR: Wow, my hand sucks now.

JAKE: Are you okay?

AMIR: Yes sir, just a close call. Worry not. Here we go, leaping into bed, one time.

AMIR apparently crashes through a window, lets out a scream, then makes a car crash causing the siren to go off, all while a lady is screaming. The sound of Amir running back up the stairs and knocking on the door is heard. The lights go back on now, we see AMIR in his underwear holding a cat. He's wet and has a bloody mouth.

AMIR: Room service?

JAKE: Ass.

AMIR: No.													

														INTRO

JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!

AMIR: And?

JAKE: That's it.

AMIR: Wow, way to be ambitious!

[Jake and Amir are in a hotel room (see "Lights Out") watching TV.]

AMIR: Ha! This is fun. Just two best friends watching hotel television together. [chuckles] We both cherish this shit.

JAKE: Nope.

AMIR: Oh my God, congratulations! It took you thirty seconds for you to make me feel like garbage-trash today! That's a record!

JAKE: It was, like, three seconds.

AMIR: And the shit just keeps on... [points to his gums]

JAKE: "Gumming"?

AMIR: That's right! [flips the remote in the air] Diva! [smacks Jake with it]

JAKE: Ow.

AMIR: Hey, let's go swimming.

JAKE: No.

AMIR: Hot tub?

JAKE: No.

AMIR: Come on! Traveling with you is such a bore. What do you do, just sit inside of your room and jerk off all day? [pauses, shrugs, then pulls out his iPhone and moves his hand toward his pants]

JAKE: Oh, my God! Are you kidding me? [grabs the iPhone]

AMIR: So we can't even spank it?

AMIR: Can I hold the remote now?

JAKE: You can't hold the remote, because last time you did, you ate one of the batteries.

AMIR: Oh, here we go, it's story time! Hey children, gather 'round; it's time for Jake to tell us a tall tale! Please, Jake, remind me what happened next!

JAKE: You know what? I will remind you, because you were blackout drunk! You put a battery in your mouth, you washed it down with an entire bottle of vodka from the minibar, and then said, "I'll take that free ride to the ER now!"

[Amir flips the bird with both hands.]

AMIR: [on the phone] Hey, room service? Yes, can I get two cheeseburgers, one with fries, one with salad, and can you take that entire order and shove it up your butt? That's right: go fuck yourself! You've just been Punk'd by Ashton Coutchard! Ha, I wouldn't eat your pig slop if you forced me to butt-chug it!

JAKE: You know they can tell what room you're calling from, right?

AMIR: Oh, bullshit. They did say 228, but I guarantee that's a lucky guess. [on the phone] Yup. Jake Hurwitz speaking.

JAKE: You know, when the doctors X-rayed you, they found more than one battery. They found five or six AA's, a nine-volt, and an entire roll of copper wire.

AMIR: It's electric!

JAKE: That's the terrible joke you made on the operating table to deafening silence, as the nurses sawed into you.

AMIR: Boogie-woogie-woogie. [laughs]

JAKE: You should be dead.

AMIR: Enough! Absolutely no more!

AMIR: [flipping channels] Garbage, fake news, reality trash, propaganda, propaganda, the weather channel... Skinemax? [stops flipping and moves his hand to his pants again]

JAKE: No! [pulls Amir's hand away]

AMIR: You really are becoming a thorn in my side.

AMIR: [on the phone] Room service? Hi. Yup, room 228-- no no no no no, don't hang up, that was-- my boy got a hold of the phone earlier, and you know how kids can be. Anyway, we would actually like to order lunch this time. Do you guys have, like, a small seaweed salad? Maybe like a quinoa starter of sorts that you could just roll up into, like, a... like a torpedo and shove up your ass? Like, just shove it up your goddamn ass? [laughs] That's right! My name is Jacob Penn Cooper Valerie Blumenwitz and you were just the victim of a Jerky-Boys-style stunt, AKA a flash mob!

[Amir has his butt up in the air. He farts noisily.]

AMIR: Did you Instavideo that?

JAKE: No.

AMIR: Ass!

AMIR: [on the phone] Hello, room service? No no no, I'm sorry, please, no no, don't hang up, don't hang up. That was my brother. He's going through these-- I actually am calling to apologize. He's going through this, like, pha-- it's not even worth getting into. We actually-- I know this is hard to believe, but we really do want some food. I feel like the boy who cried wolf, but if you can just find it in your heart to-- to believe me one last time, I really w-- I'll make it worth your while. I'll pay you 200 percent. [pause] Gosh, thank you-- thank you so much. I so-- I so, so much appreciate it. [Jake buries his face in a pillow] I don't have a menu on me, but if you have, like a-- any spaghetti dish, like a pasta, like a penne vodka, something tomato-and-cheesy, that you can shove up your ass! That you can shove up your goddamn ass! [laughs] Hello? Hel-- oh my God, you gotta be kidding me! That's like the third time they hung up on me!

[There's a loud knock.]

AMIR: Oh my God, dude, dude, dude, you gotta get that.

AMIR: [off screen, crying] Please, please, please! I'm so sorry for prank-calling the hotel! You really- I don't know what got over me, but you can't kick me out! You really cannot kick me out! I deserve to stay here! You don't understand, this is like a vacation for us; this is like a once-in-a-lifetime frickin' thing--

JAKE: Just apologize!

AMIR: [still crying] I'm not going to apologize; it was a joke!

AMIR: [still crying] Got 'em.

JAKE: "Got 'em"? Really?

AMIR: Yeah.

JAKE: You just cried in front of a hotel clerk for thirty minutes 'til he got bored and left.

AMIR: [on the phone, still crying] Hello, room service? Yeah, can I have, like, a soup, and can you shove it up your, your goddamn-- yeah, your goddamn ass. Thank you. [to Jake] They would. They said they were going to.

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls.

JAKE: Not enough time.

AMIR: I was done.

JAKE: Not enough information, then.

LIZ: Oh wow, so I guess that's why they call it the blues.

JAKE: That's great. Alright. Thank you very much Liz, we're gonna definitely be in touch.

LIZ: Okay.

GIRL ON COUCH: We're hoping to let everybody know by Friday.

LIZ: Thank you.

AMIR: Though if you ask me? We already found our leading lady.

JAKE: Well yeah thanks again, and could you just let the next person know that we're ready?

LIZ: Yeah.

AMIR: We gotta go through the whole dog and pony show of at least seeing everybody, but I assure you it is more than a done deal I think we can all agree. Promise us you'll keep monday open?

LIZ: Uh, I have a doctor's appointment.

AMIR: Cancel it. Sweetheart. Please. Okay? You're as healthy as a clam. We will call you.

LIZ: Okay.

AMIR: Never. Holy shit, that was awful right?

JAKE: She's still close enough to hear you.

AMIR: NEXT!

GIRL 2: Oh wow, so I guess that's why they call it the blues.

AMIR: How does it feel like? I'm serious, how does it feel like?

JAKE: Bad english bud.

GIRL 2: Excuse me?

AMIR: I'm serious. I musta been to like, what, a million of these?

JAKE: You never come to these.

AMIR: And I've only ever seen one person ever have it, as much as you currently do. Okay? And uh, Elisabeth Shue turned out alright.

GIRL ON COUCH: What?

AMIR: I want you to walk out. Walk out right now with your head held high because you just won a goddamn beauty pageant and a talent show all in one. (Singing) There she goes, Miss Americ-NO. That was... What was that? NEXT!

PATRICIA: Oh wow, so that's why they call it the blues.

JAKE: Great. Thanks. Bye.

AMIR (Speaking too loud): Not another goddamn step you beautiful bombshell bitch.

JAKE: Wow.

AMIR: Yeah, you Jessica Rabbit meets Jessica Biel A-list (bleep). Patricia? Do me a favor. Remember this moment. Can you do me that solid? Can you remember this moment? Can you remember this time and place? Can you remember what you see and feel? Okay? Because this is the last second of your life that you are in a goddamn A-list fucking (bleep).

GIRL ON COUCH: Jesus.

AMIR: Yeah. I want you to take the scenic route home. I really do, I want you to waltz downstairs, go to the book library, the food store, whatever the FUCK it is you do, and I want you to soak in (inhales deeply) breathe in that privacy for the last FUCKING time, because after this week, after the people see what the performance that you just gave to us for the first time, and honestly, I feel treasured that I got to see it first, your life, as you know it, is completely changed, and I don't think everybody can handle it but I really think you can. Because honestly? You're a goddamn Elisabeth Shue to me. She is. Like I know I've said it before, but like, now I actually mean it. Thank you.

PATRICIA: Did I get the part?

JAKE: Maybe, not necessarily. We're gonna call you.

AMIR: You more than got the part! You got our hearts. Namaste. (Patricia leaves the room) And more importantly. We've got toilet paper. For our farts! Thanks Patricia! Ha ha ha ha ha ha, wipeout!

JAKE: Oh my god, there's actual shit on that bud.

AMIR: Dammit.

JAKE: How?

AMIR: I'm aloof!

JAKE: That's not what that means, and ya know what dude, can you do us a favor? Please, can you not tell every single girl that they got the part? Because we're the ones that have to call them, and tell them that they didn't. Besides, I wrote Elton John Blows Papa Smurf, okay? You shouldn't even be here.

AMIR: Fine. Relax.

JAKE: Alright.

AMIR (Mumbled): Queen.

JAKE: What?

AMIR: Nothing.

JAKE: What did you just say?

AMIR: I called you a queen. And you know what? Sure all these girls might not have all gotten the part, but you know what at least they felt like a star for half a minute. And yeah, they'll come crashing back to reality when you tell them the truth, but isn't it better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all?

(All the girls outside start clapping)

JAKE: Nope. Don't clap. He said it in a cool way but he couldn't be more wrong.

AMIR (Speaking to the girls outside): Good news guys. You all got the lead. Every last one of you!

LIZ: Ugh, what's that smell?

AMIR: I'm aloof!

END													

														INTRO:

JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and a-OHH AHH YOU'RE BITING ME!

AMIR: Geez, relax!

JAKE: I'm bleeding!

AMIR: (Laughs)

JAKE: What.

AMIR: Good question.

JAKE: No, do- I didn't start this conversation.

AMIR: After a year of inner turmoil, some deep reflective thought, and a lot of, um, light soul searching, I've decided to finally heed your advice and delete my reddit account, so... Salut.

JAKE: Alright man, that's great, and no, no you didn't, you posted nineteen hundred times in the last day. Most recently, two seconds ago, which means you were posting as you were lying to me.

AMIR: Sorry... what?

JAKE: You know the last thing you posted was in the subreddit Earth Porn?

AMIR: Yeah, haha! Sorry.

JAKE: It's not a good thing, so. Right?

AMIR: Yeah yeah yeah, what were you saying?

JAKE: It's a picture of Yosemite Valley at sunrise, you commented "How is this Earth, and how is this porn."

AMIR: Good question.

JAKE (Still reading from Amir's comment): "If you wanna blow your nut hair back, check my imgur account" and then the link is a picture of you photoshopped, poorly by the way...

AMIR: No.

JAKE: Yes, your face on Ron Jeremy's body's fucking a map of Africa. That's Earth Porn to you?

AMIR: It's subversive!

JAKE: It's definitely not!

AMIR: I'm sorry. I had no idea you were a circlejerking diva, when were you gonna come out of the closet on that one?

AMIR (At the same time Jake is speaking): Yeah, how long have we known each other that you weren't gonna, yeah, you weren't gonna come out to me? Come on, I'm your best friend, tell me that you're a diva.

JAKE (At the same time Amir is speaking): Really? Really? That's how you wanna play this? That's how you're gonna do this? Everybody who thinks you're an asshole?

JAKE: Everyone who thinks you're an asshole for posting mean comments and linking to porn? They're a circlejerking diva, and nothing's wrong with you?

AMIR: Yeah. Exactly right, I'm glad you see things MY WAY! My way or the highway!

JAKE: Fred Durst?

AMIR: Exactly right.

JAKE: You're a loser, man.

AMIR: Oh, really?

JAKE: Yeah.

AMIR: I don't know if you saw this, but it was trending quite worldwide on twitter, last week, this loser? Went dickless for Michael Chiklis. So. I don't know.

JAKE: Right, I see that post. Picture of you from a webcam with your dick tucked between your legs? The text on top reads "Saw every Michael Chiklis movie" text on the bottom reads "Went dickless for him." You posted it in a subreddit called Jake and Amir! You know I don't approve of that.

AMIR: I'm a good guy greg.

JAKE: You're absolutely not.

AMIR: I am, I am a good guy greg.

JAKE: You're a scumbag steve.

AMIR (Way too angry): Shut the FUCK up! Shut the FUCK up with that!

JAKE (Shouting to the office): Is this okay?

AMIR: No, it's not! Take it back!

JAKE: You know, you also post a lot in explain it to me like I'm five. Your last three questions were about money, crayons, and eating. Most five year olds understand crayons and eating. A lot of them understand money.

AMIR: The comments were helpful, and I appreciated them.

JAKE: How is this helpful? Under your eating post, somebody wrote "OP is a dumbass and a loser. Just let yourself die."

AMIR: To which I zung'd him back!

JAKE: You wrote "How does it feel like to make a thirty year old cry? Gentlemen, shower this d-bag with d-votes."

AMIR: To which society dealt him more than a fatal blow.

JAKE: They gave him eleven thousand upvotes.

AMIR: And counting!

JAKE: You commented on his post "I'd make you eat my dick if it weren't already off for sir Michael Chik. Ask me anytime." Did you even set up an AMA for that?

AMIR: Didn't need to.

JAKE: Yes. Yes you do. And, how do you have your dick off for someone? Explain that to me like I'm five. And why would you do it, if you're gonna do it, For Michael Chiklis!

AMIR: You know what, enough. Okay? I already regret even bringing up the fact that I was gonna delete my reddit account because quite frankly at this point in time, I don't even see me having the huevos to pull it off! I really don't!

JAKE: If you need a little encouragement, why don't you look at the front page. Where it says "If this post gets ten thousand upvotes Amir Blumenfeld will kill himself."

AMIR: And?

JAKE: Got a hundred and fifty.

AMIR: Yes.

JAKE: Thousand. Upvotes.

AMIR: A thousand?

JAKE: A hundred and fifty thousand. For you to kill yourself.

AMIR: No, I know.

JAKE: Like they want you dead. Yeah.

AMIR starts crying

JAKE: Okay. Of course. Yeah? A little tears?

AMIR: Yeah.

JAKE: Crying?

AMIR: Yeah.

JAKE: Sobbing?

AMIR: Yeah.

JAKE: Thirty years old though?

AMIR: Uh huh.

JAKE: Almost thirty one?

AMIR: Oh yeah.

JAKE: Alright.

AMIR: Am I really on the front page?

JAKE: Yeah, it's on the front page but you-

AMIR: My name?

JAKE: Yup.

AMIR: On the front page of REDDIT?

(AMIR's crying turns into laughter)

AMIR: A hah hah hah hah hah hah. YEAH! WOO!

JAKE: You're happy.

AMIR: Today I learned that I'm a pimp and a cool! Upvote me to karma heaven baby!

END													

														[INTRO]:

JAKE: Hey you're watching Jake and Amir!

AMIR: Wow! Recording intros without me-

JAKE: When you're in here

AMIR: Touche

(JAKE and AMIR sitting at their desks, AMIR is hiding behind his computer)

AMIR: Hey! What's the capital of Cleveland?

JAKE: ...what?

AMIR: What's the capital of Cleveland-

JAKE: I heard you the first time it doesn't make any sense.

(AMIR emerges from behind his computer wearing a bandage over his nose)

AMIR: Ooohioo!

JAKE: Jesus Christ!

AMIR: Let me answer your question with one of my own.

JAKE: I didn't ask one.

AMIR: What was the worst part of my face before the surgery?

JAKE: Beady eyes, chipmunk cheeks, buck teeth, bad skin-

AMIR: My Jew nose.

JAKE: Know what man- stop saying that alright? I never had a problem with your nose.

AMIR: Well now you're really not gonna have a problem with it. PLease allow me to reintroduce myself, my name is nose.

(AMIR pulls away te bandage to reveal a disfigured nose)

JAKE: Ooh!

AMIR: N to the ose E!

JAKE: No man! Come on! You're nose is gone! Where did you get surgery?

AMIR: Well, you know my cousin Leeron, right?

JAKE: Yes, I know your cousin Leeron.

AMIR: ...anyway, his ex-boyfriend, Parm...

JAKE: Wait a sec, Leeron's gay?

AMIR: Yeah, dude, it's 2013, why is that of note to you?

JAKE: Just saying, like, he has kids-

AMIR: Yeah, he has ki- Uh- I'm sorry, no-

JAKE: No- I didn't- alright-

AMIR: So gay people can't have children, is that what you're saying? Is that your little agenda?

JAKE: Can you-

AMIR: No, I'm serious, if gay people having children freaks you out this much-

JAKE: It doesn't freak me out-

AMIR: Then you have a lot of soul searching to do

JAKE: You know what, I don't have a lot of soul searching to do

AMIR: Yeah, you really do.

JAKE: You know what freaks me out? Your face freaks me out- (Simultaneously) AMIR: You have to look yourself in the mirror and you have to say: do YOU deserve children?

AMIR: Because I really don't think that you do.

JAKE: What happened, to your face?

AMIR: Parm fancies himslef an amateur surgeon- a, a bone sartorialist if you will.

JAKE: I won't.

AMIR: Anyway, I'm in the market for a new schnozz, you know, and the price was right at five-K plus gas.

JAKE: Gas?

AMIR: Did I mention that the hospital, was a van?

JAKE: ...No... How is that legal?

AMIR: If you thinks it's legal, I've got a news flash for ya!

(AMIR pulls up his gown)

AMIR (Lifting up his leg): It's taint!

JAKE: Aaaah! Thats sexual harrasment!

AMIR: General anaesthesia, General, (saluting) I need no anaesthesia. I was clubbed on the head like a stunned cow before slaughter. I fell into a deep fitfull rest, fevered nightmares of birds eating my face and what have you. But, listen up because this is when it gets real.

JAKE: It hasn't already gotten real? You were clubbed in a van by a guy named Parm.

AMIR: I shoot awake mid surgery, you know I guess the club (lifting leg again) didn't do the trick. Heh, anyway, long story... shart...

(AMIR shits himself)

JAKE: Shower, burn the chair.

AMIR: I wake up in a cold, cold sweat to the sound of a bone saw cutting through by bone cartilage, nasal cavity deep deep deep into my skull and I'm like, you know what? No! Enough is enough! I take a scalpel, blind old Parm and I am out of there. Unfortunately, for me, I'm too weak, tired, scared and lame to get much further than the front of the inside of the van. Erstwhile, Parm is on in the back, rufflin' around, swearin' to the only Pagan god he believes in that he's gonna have my head in a jar for what I done to him, RE, blinding him with a scalpel.

JAKE: Was it worth it?

AMIR: Let me work it, ha ha.

(JAKE shakes his head, AMIR whispers 'wow')

JAKE: All this destruction.

AMIR: It was nerf ifinifin when yet and you're not even cracking up-

JAKE: This carnage...

AMIR: Yup, a smile.

JAKE: Yeah, was it worth changing your stupid nose over?

AMIR: If you're talking about blinding Parm then you should know that he was nearly blind to begin with, okay? If not already there.

JAKE: You still stabbed somebody! In his eye, right? And- by the way- why would you let a blind person operate on your face?

(AMIR's phone rings)

AMIR: Oh, speak o' the devil, He he. Parm's hospice nurse is calling me.

JAKE: Sorry, how old is Parm?

AMIR: Ninety-three.

JAKE: Your cousin dated him?

AMIR: It's 2013! (Talking on phone) Hello? Yes, no no no, okay maam, maam I can assure you he was blind as a bat already. You are not putting that on me! Hello-? If Parm wants to talk to me he can talk to me himself. Oh hello Mr Sir. Yeah, you know what? No- you are a chicken, you are a chicken Parm! You are a god damn chicken parmesan!													

														INTRO

JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!

AMIR: And my lucky number is sixty-nine! [chuckles]

JAKE: Get out.

AMIR: Okay.

[Jake and Amir are at their desks. Amir's nose is still scarred beyond recognition from his nose job.]

AMIR: Oh! Got a spell of good news in an otherwise... quite shitty week.

JAKE: I'd say so; looks like your nose is falling off.

AMIR: I don't have to be nice to anyone anymore.

JAKE: You're not nice to anybody now.

AMIR: Yeah, well now I'm rich about it!

JAKE: ...What does that even mean?

AMIR: Ever heard of the lottery, jackass?

JAKE: Yes.

AMIR: Well I just found out about it yesterday!

JAKE: Then you know what? You're the jackass!

AMIR: Either way, I just won the goddamn jackpot! So call me whatever you want. [chuckles]

JAKE: Why do you think you won the lottery, jackass?

AMIR: [picking at the scabs on his nose] Enough with the name-calling!

JAKE: Can you please--

AMIR: I'm serious.

JAKE: --not pick at that?

AMIR: I'm not trying to! It obviously itches like a bitches!

JAKE: Okay, well just let it heal!

AMIR: Either way, I'm serious about the lottery thing, man. I-- I beat the system on that; I really did.

JAKE: How.

AMIR: Well, you know how everyone only buys one lottery ticket?

JAKE: ...No?

AMIR: [singing, holding up two tickets] Well I got tree, I got tree, tell the world, that I got... tree! [flicks his tongue in between the tickets]

[Jake doesn't respond.]

AMIR: Ass!

JAKE: You know you're holding two?

AMIR: Ass! Ass!

JAKE: It's two.

AMIR: You wouldn't have laughed even if I s--

JAKE: That's not three.

AMIR: That's why you're not laughing? 'Cause I said two?

JAKE: Yeah! Because you know what--

AMIR: Or is it because-- because everything I say doesn't make you laugh?

JAKE: --winning the lottery is, like, one in two hundred million! What are your numbers?

AMIR: Because you have a bias against me.

JAKE: What are your numbers?

AMIR: Excuse me?

JAKE: What are the numbers? We'll check right now to see if you won. First ticket. Go.

AMIR: What do you mean, "first ticket"? They're both the same "winning" combination on each ticket! Why win one lottery... [holds up three fingers] when you can win tree?

JAKE: So you know what three is? Right? 'Cause that one's got three, this one's got two-- you know what? Forget it. You bought multiple lottery tickets with the same combination?

AMIR: The same winning combination! [picks at his scabs] There's a difference.

JAKE: There's not. What are the numbers?

AMIR: 1, 18, 22, 27, 38, Powerball... tree! As in "I just won the lottery tree times".

JAKE: Jesus Christ, you won.

AMIR: I know. I know.

JAKE: Please, this isn't fair! Alright? You have to understand-- this is the most insanely lucky thing that's happened to anybody, ever.

AMIR: Not luck, okay? Strategy!

JAKE: No, it wasn't strategy! Okay? Just-- jump up and down, be happy, at least act shocked. Okay? You noseless ass!

AMIR: Oh, excuse me! What's that supposed to mean? Is that some kind of dig at my nose?

JAKE: Yes! Obviously! It wasn't thinly veiled!

AMIR: I can't handle this right now! I gotta go back to the store and get the numbers on these tickets to match the one on the site!

JAKE: Great, so they don't match right now.

AMIR: Not right now! But I have a feeling if a guy who just won three hundred and thirty-three million dollars waltzed in there, [picking at his scabs] they'll pretty much do whatever the hell he asks them to.

JAKE: Can you please just focus on getting your face better and stop scratching your nose?

AMIR: It just itches a lot, okay? But it's fine!

JAKE: Hey-- hey, it-- but-- no, there's a family of spiders crawling out of there.

AMIR: [with spiders on his nose] Oh my God!

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, and if you like that... [laughs]

JAKE: What?

AMIR: [talking over Jake] What? What? What?

JAKE: What?

[Jake and Amir are at their desks. Amir is washing a bowl in a big metal bucket. His phone rings.]

AMIR: Jake, can you get that?

JAKE: No.

AMIR: Oh. Thank you! Ass!

[Amir dries off one hand and picks up the phone.]

AMIR: Hello? Hey! Hey, no no-- sorry, I was... I was washing a bowl. Oh! No, you're calling about the couch? Unfortunately, she's uh... she is no longer available. Alright. Thank you. Thank you so much for calling. Bye, hun. [hangs up, resumes washing the bowl]

JAKE: You sold a couch?

AMIR: No, no no, no, no-- [laughs] --it's actually a... it's actually a funny story--

JAKE: Never mind, alright? I don't think I want to know.

AMIR: Here's what I do: I, uh, put a nice leather couch up on Craigslist saying it's available for free to a good home. You know, I even peppered in some really believable details, like "I'm moving; I don't have a place for it," et cetera, yada yada.

JAKE: Why?

AMIR: "Why" what?

JAKE: What do you mean, "Why what"? You just told me something really mean-spirited and weird that you do, so I asked you why.

AMIR: Oh! [laughs] No, I just, uh, I like to let people down. I like to hear people's disappointed voices, I guess. I don't know if that makes me weird or whatever.

JAKE: Weird? It makes you borderline psychotic!

[The phone rings again.]

AMIR: Shit... can you get that?

JAKE: I'm not gonna answer your phone. The dish is clean.

AMIR: [dropping the bowl in the water] Ass! [picks up the phone] Hello! Hi. Sorry. I was-- [laughs] ...washing a bowl. How are you? Calling about the couch, right? Alright, well my first question is usually "Why do you want the couch?" ...Oh, your daughter's going away to college and she really needs a good couch? [laughs] That's really sweet. [whispering, to Jake] Watch this! [on the phone] Unfortunately, the couch is unavailable! Yes, it is because of how you answered the question. [laughs] No, no, I'm not being cute with you, uh... you really-- you disappointed your daughter on this one. Alright. Okay. Bye-bye now. Bye-bye then. [hangs up, resumes washing the bowl]

JAKE: She asked if you were being cute with her?

AMIR: I told her I was being "cheeky".

JAKE: No you didn't. I'm sitting right here. That's not what you said.

AMIR: I said that. I said I was being cheeky.

JAKE: You suck. You really do. You suck; you're not a good guy.

AMIR: God forbid I have some fun at work!

JAKE: Yes! God does forbid this! Your reverse prank-calling people, and your fucked-up bait-and-switch with these evil mind games. Using a work phone, by the way! You don't even have the Goddamn courtesy to use your cell phone?

AMIR: Yeah, because I don't want people to know my personal number!

JAKE: Right, I get that, but you shouldn't be spending this much time and effort just to piss people off.

[The phone rings. Amir grunts in frustration, then points at Jake expectantly.]

JAKE: Why do you think I'll answer it? [Amir puts the bowl back in the bucket] The bowl's clean.

AMIR: Ass! Ass! Ass!

JAKE: You are.

AMIR: [picking up the phone] Hey! Oh my God, speak of the devil! Mickey, my friend!

JAKE: Jesus.

AMIR: You're in my apartment, Mickey, right? Alright, you rented a U-Haul, Mickey, the biggest one? You got past my doorman, Mickey? You found the key that I left under the floor mat, Mickey? Okay, open the front door to my apartment, Mickey, and you will find a tastefully distressed, beautifully restored, Danish, modern, touch of class for your ass-- there is no couch, Mickey! [laughs] It was all a mind game, Mickey! A fuckin' riddle, Mickey.

JAKE: You know what, that's not a riddle, and did you do one work thing today? Did you answer a single email? Why'd you bring that bucket--

AMIR: Mickey! Mickey, Mickey, Mickey... no no, you have to get out of my apartment, Mickey. Okay? I'm sorry, but you are officially trespassing, Mickey, and I have a good mind to call the police about it.

JAKE: You know, you left him a key. That's not exactly trespassing.

AMIR: Oh. Oh! Oh God, Mickey-- No no no, I can hear-- Oh, I can hear you breaking stuff, Mickey! Please... Mickey, Mickey, I'm begging you, no no no no no-- Ohhhh God, that was the sound of my plasma TV against the tile floor, Mickey! What are you doing, Mickey? Don't do anything you can't take back, Mickey. Oh, Mickey, I'm begging you.

JAKE: You say "Mickey" so much when you talk to him, it's crazy.

AMIR: [still pleading] Mickey! Oh, Mickey, you're so fine! You're so fine, you blow my mind! Hey, Mickey!

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: I vant to suck y--

JAKE: You're watching Jake and Amir.

AMIR: ...Ass!

[Jake is sitting on a couch. Amir comes in, dressed as Psy.]

AMIR: Oppa Halloween Style!

[There is a long, awkward silence. Amir and Jake then begin talking simultaneously.]

AMIR: How do you not love me? How am I not adorable in this? / JAKE: Get out. Get out! Get out!

AMIR: [dressed as Supermen, pointing into the distance] It's a bird! It's a place! No, it's Superman!

JAKE: "It's a bird, it's a place"?

AMIR: It's Superman.

AMIR: [in the Psy costume] I'm so serious, man. Oppa leads, like, a Halloween-style Gangnam life and you have no love for it? Like... how is that good for Oppa?

JAKE: I don't care what's "good for Oppa".

AMIR: Oppa sad. Alright? Oppa leads a... a sad-style life.

JAKE: Yeah?

AMIR: Yeah, he really does.

JAKE: Yeah?

AMIR: [in a Ben Franklin costume] I have a dream...

JAKE: That's a Ben Franklin costume, man.

AMIR: What? No, I thought this was George W!

JAKE: You crammed so much wrong into so few words.

AMIR: ...Thank you.

JAKE: How do you think that's a compliment?

AMIR: [in a zombie costume] Do you know why I like to eat brains?

JAKE: ...'Cause you don't have one? 'Cause your idea of cool is either mean-spirited or dumb, and deep down, you probably hate yourself more than anybody hates you?

AMIR: ...'Cause I'm a zombie!

[Amir, in the Superman costume, leans over to hug Jake.]

JAKE: Nope.

[Amir brings his arm outwards.]

AMIR: I'm stretching.

JAKE: You weren't.

AMIR: [in the Psy costume, laughing] Oppa... Oppa leads a suicidal-style life...

JAKE: Why are you laughing right now?

AMIR: Oppa is confused of himself.

AMIR: [in a skeleton costume] So this one kind of works as, like, a two-person costume.

JAKE: How?

AMIR: Skeleton guy, and, uh... whatever the hell you want to wear! [chuckles]

JAKE: How is that a two-person costume?

AMIR: Oh my God, you're calling me out on all my bullshit today. And I love you for it! [laughs, kisses Jake's head] What are you, on your period or something?

JAKE: You know, your crotch is bleeding.

AMIR: Aw, shit! Ass!

AMIR: [dressed as a giant hand making the "shocker" gesture, singing] Isn't she shocking, yeah!

JAKE: Why all the costumes?

AMIR: It's Halloween, ass.

[Amir is off-screen.]

JAKE: No! Are you insane? Go home; take that costume off right now! You're going to get shot!

AMIR: Jesus.

JAKE: Yes! Jesus! Exactly! Wipe it off! Shower!

AMIR: [in the shocker costume] Ass!

AMIR: [in a Psy costume with pirate accessories] Oppa Pirate Style!

JAKE: That's perfect. Go with it--

AMIR: N'yarrrrrrrr, sexy lady! N'yopp! N'yopp! N'yopp! N'yopp! N'yopp! N'yopp! N'yopp! N'yopp! N'yopp! N'yopp! N'yopp! N'yopp! N'yopp! N'yopp! N'yopp! N'yopp!

[Jake grabs Amir's throat.]

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: Happy Halloween and Merry Christmas from Jake and Amir!

JAKE: Just the first one.

AMIR: All right.

[Jake is on his laptop, with ear buds in, away from his desk. Amir shows up.]

AMIR: Oh! There you are. [chuckles] Where have you been?

JAKE: I just came over here to try to find some peace and quiet--

AMIR: [interrupting] Huh?

JAKE: ...came over here to try to get some work done, alright? It's the one quiet place in the whole office.

AMIR: It's only me over there! [laughs] Who are you looking to avoid?

JAKE: Never mind.

AMIR: Oh! Let me show you a magic trick. Stick out your tongue.

JAKE: I really don't have time right now, okay?

AMIR: Come on! Please? Just stick out your tongue. It'll only take a second! We never have fun anymore.

JAKE: Oka--

AMIR: Have you realized that?

JAKE: Fine--

AMIR: Everyone walks around with their button-up suits--

JAKE: Hey--

AMIR: --and suddenly it's, like, illegal to have fun.

[Jake takes out his ear buds and puts them down. He sticks out his tongue.]

JAKE: Ahhhh--

[Amir immediately kicks him in the face. There is a spray of blood that reaches the ceiling, and Jake's tongue-- severed by his teeth from the impact-- flies across the room. Jake screams.]

AMIR: Oh-- damn it, I'm sorry. I think I messed up. Was I wearing shoes?

[Jake screams and drops to the floor, looking for his tongue.]

AMIR: Okay. Alright. You got-- you got the point across, you diva! You're overreacting. You're being so dramatic!

[Amir walks over and playfully kicks Jake's hand to make him lose his balance. He grabs Jake's tongue.]

AMIR: Got it! [laughs] You owe me one, you little drama queen. Hey, uh, why don't we have a French kiss and we'll call it even?

[Amir begins kissing the severed tongue as Jake writhes on the floor, screaming.]

AMIR: Oh, yeah! [laughs] Oh! Oh, Jake! Tastes like sushi! [laughs] Relax, dude. What's the matter? Me got your tongue? [laughs] Just joking. Same thing happened to me last week when Leron tried the trick on me. It's actually a lot easier than--

[Jake gets up and begins strangling Amir. There's a cracking sound, and Amir goes limp. Pat walks by and sees them.]

PAT: Oh my God... Amir! Amir, oh my God-- Jake! Get off of him! [throws Jake to the ground] Amir! Wake up, man. Breathe, buddy! Breathe!

[Pat performs mouth-to-mouth on Amir.]

JAKE: Oh God... where's my tongue, man?

PAT: Jake, don't die on me, man!

[Pat resumes mouth-to-mouth on Amir.]

JAKE: He killed me, man...

PAT: Jake, stay with me, buddy!

[Pat resumes mouth-to-mouth.]

JAKE: ...Where's my tongue--

PAT: Shut the fuck up!

[Amir comes to.]

PAT: You're alive, man! You did it, buddy.

JAKE: Where's my tongue...

AMIR: Get off of me! Ass. [pushes Pat away] Jake! Stand back, everyone! Stand back! You do not die on me man, [doing CPR] you are not! Going to die! On me!

[Amir performs mouth-to-mouth. Jake, who was never unconscious in the first place, is trying to fight Amir off.]

AMIR: He's alive! [cackling with relief] He's alive!

[Jake moans in pain.]

AMIR: Seemed to have, uh... bit his tongue off in the process of hanging out, but, uh... that's normal. [pause] That's gonna happen.

END													

														INTRO

JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!

AMIR: Unless...

JAKE: They are.

AMIR: Okay.

[Jake and Amir are at their desks. Amir is holding a paper plate in front of his face. It has a smiling face drawn on it. Jake doesn't say anything. Cut back to Amir, whose plate-face is now angry. Jake still doesn't say anything. Amir's plate no longer has a face, instead reading "ASS". He throws the plate down, clearly frustrated.]

AMIR: [mouthing] Ass.

[Jake gestures in acknowledgement.]

AMIR: Question: do you think Peyton Manning gets paid to do these Papa John's commercials, or does he just, like, love pizza and shit?

[Jake doesn't respond.]

AMIR: And no answer from the peanut gallery! [saluting] Salut! So I will just assume--

JAKE: He gets paid.

AMIR: I know. Never mind.

JAKE: Okay. For the record, I did answer the question, unequivocally.

AMIR: I know he gets paid, ass. It just seems real or some shit, like he frickin' loves the pizza.

JAKE: So you think he did the ad... just because he loves pizza? Not because Papa John's paid him money?

AMIR: Forget it.

JAKE: Forget it 'cause you're dumb?

AMIR: [yelling] Forget it because you don't know what the fuck you're talking about... ass!

JAKE: Stop saying "ass" so much. Okay? You're using it as a crutch, and it's not as funny as you think it is. Just... go back to being the needy weirdo that you used to be. Alright?

AMIR: In the ads, ass, Peyton Manning is borderline obsessed with these-- these-- these pizza pies! I mean, it-- it's insane, it's sick! He's, like, chowing down on them!

JAKE: Are you concerned?

AMIR: He's gonna, like, choke, he's eating them so fast! I swear to God!

JAKE: Alright, so Derek Jeter rides around in a Ford Escape. Do you think Derek Jeter loves Ford?

AMIR: [yelling] That's what I'm asking you!

JAKE: Focus on something different, for the day.

AMIR: Fine. [pause] Eli Manning for sure loves Dunkin' Donuts, okay?

JAKE: Stop it--

AMIR: That much at least is true!

JAKE: --just-- stop! What did I just tell you--

AMIR: Yes yes yes! For sure, for sure, for sure! Whether he got paid for that ad in-- in donuts or money--

JAKE: Money! Absolutely, he got cash for that!

AMIR: [pointing at Jake] Want to know how I know he loves donuts? Do you want to know how I know he loves donuts?

JAKE: I resent you pointing at me.

AMIR: Do you want to know how I know he loves donuts?

JAKE: You couldn't possibly know.

AMIR: [smiling, pointing at his face, talking in a singsong tone] The proof is in the smile! ...Dipshit!

JAKE: ...What?

AMIR: [in falsetto] Because he's smiling in the ad! Yeah! And people only smile when they're happy. Unless... did I miss a memo? That-- [stammering] that-- that frowns means happy?

JAKE: Peyton's smiling in his ad too!

AMIR: Which means he loves pizza from Papa John's! Mystery solved! That wasn't too hard...

JAKE: Don't say it.

AMIR: [drawn out] ...ass!

JAKE: The mystery is not solved. Alright? You think Peyton Manning's maybe smiling 'cause he got paid, like, a billion dollars for that ad?

AMIR: Whoa, a billion!

JAKE: --million--

AMIR: Can I quote you on that? No no no, I should email Business Insider, because hey-- that's breaking news! That's, like, the biggest athlete endorsement ever!

JAKE: Just shut up.

AMIR: Hey everyone, gather 'round! Big news! Jake thinks that Peyton Manning got paid a billion dollars to be in an advertisement for Papa John! [Amir spits the word "Papa" violently.]

JAKE: ...Who?

AMIR: [pantomiming holding a gun, imitating gunfire] Pa-pa-pa-John!

JAKE: ...What?

AMIR: Pa-pa-John!

JAKE: What is this?

AMIR: Pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa John.

[Will chimes in.]

WILL: Idiot.

JAKE: Excuse me?

WILL: Idiot!

JAKE: Will, you eat your own shit. Yeah. [Will shakes his head.] D-- what? What? What is that face? You eat your own shit. I think that's the idiot move. Also, he thought Peyton did the commercials for free.

WILL: Peyton Manning owns twenty-one Papa John's restaurants, so he probably did do the commercials for free!

JAKE: ...Forget it.

AMIR: Forget it because you're dumb?

JAKE: Forget it 'cause you don't know what the fuck you're talking about... ass!

AMIR: You're the ass, ass!

JAKE: You're the ass, ass!

AMIR: Ass!

JAKE: Ass!

AMIR: Ass!

JAKE: Ass!

[They pause.]

JAKE/AMIR: [simultaneously] Ass!

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!

JAKE: You're wearing a dress.

AMIR: It's fancy!

[Jake comes in and sits down at his desk. Amir leans on Jake's desk. For a moment, nothing happens, then they simultaneously start talking.]

JAKE: Do you want to s--

AMIR: We should do that again-- ...what?

JAKE: Do you want to sit at your desk?

AMIR: I'm happy.

JAKE: We just got breakfast.

AMIR: This was a good morning for me; first in a while, actually. In fact, [standing up] permission to hug the shit out of you, sir?

JAKE: Denied.

[Amir pulls Jake in towards him by the head, then stares off into the middle distance and keeps talking.]

AMIR: Sharing a meal with you was--

JAKE: You know, I told you not to act so proud.

AMIR: [petting Jake's head] Amazeballs! Yeah! It really was amazeballs, for lack of a better term. You know they say breakfast is the most important meal of the day. [laughs] Try my life.

JAKE: [breaking free from Amir's grip] Alright.

AMIR: [visibly taken aback] ...Cool it.

JAKE: What did I say? If you don't turn it into such a big deal, may--

AMIR: I'm high on you!

JAKE: See that? That's the kind of shit that makes me not want to get breakfast together.

AMIR: [talking very fast, intermittently screaming] You're right. [chuckles] I'm sorry-- woo! I just-- [laughs] --I had all this positive energy pent up and I had to, like, let it out in one-- one, one-- one primal scream! But, uh, okay. Now I'm done! We're good--

JAKE: Okay, you're still screaming. Alright? [Amir is rubbing his hands together restlessly] Please, just... chill out. You're shaking!

AMIR: [hands trembling and cupped around his mouth] I'm rather glad.

[Amir turns and addresses Pat, who is across the room examining a binder.]

AMIR: Pat! My main man! [laughs] What'd you do for breakfast today?

PAT: Oh! Um... actually, it's-- it's a pretty sad story. Um, as you know, my dad... is not feeling well; he's sick, he's very sick--

AMIR: I ate with Jake! I ate with Jake, I ate with Jake, I ate with Jake, and I don't care who knows it!

JAKE: I do. I care who knows it. And you know what? We didn't even eat breakfast together. I was in line at Starbucks and you stood behind me eating loose egg salad out of a plastic bag!

AMIR: [pauses, then bursts out laughing] I love that! Breakfast club is nothing if not ribbing on each other! [still cheery] Cool it with the name-calling though, 'cause I'm secretly depressed about that kind of shit.

JAKE: First of all, I didn't even call you a name just now. Second, you're not secretly depressed about anything. You're outwardly depressed about it. The barista called you "hun" and you started crying!

AMIR: [making a kazoo-like humming sound with his nose as he talks] "Hum"? Like my nose emits a humming noise? Excuse me, but I have a deviated septum about that kind of shit! Where does she get off calling me that, that-- that queen, that diva, that roach?

JAKE: Why do you think she said "hum"? By the way, you name-call a lot, for someone who doesn't like it.

AMIR: [still humming] I hate it when it's used on me. I like it when it's used on other people... dillweed!

JAKE: No, I know! I'm just pointing out how hypocritical you are-- close your mouth-- okay? You're dumb, and you're mean, and... and your nose does emit a humming noise!

AMIR: [humming] And time! Congratulations, you've ruined the warming glow of breakfast by ten AM! Hey, it's a new record, bud!

JAKE: Look how fast you turned on me. How quickly you went from happy to sad. [Amir is suddenly happy] From calm to angry. [Amir is suddenly angry again] Is that normal?

AMIR: [humming] Maybe.

JAKE: I don't think it is. I think you should just try to be nice, and quiet, for five minutes in a row. Right now.

AMIR: And then you'll take me to lunch?

JAKE: Yes. Fine. If you're quiet for five minutes, I will take you to lunch.

AMIR: You're on.

PAT: Sorry, uh-- did you... want to know about my dad, still?

AMIR: Quiet, dork!

JAKE: You lost it, Hum.

AMIR: [slowly being drowned out by his own nasal hum] Noooooooo!

END													

														INTRO

JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!

AMIR: Who wants free comedy?

JAKE: Ass.

AMIR: [laughing] Alright.

[Jake is at his desk. Amir comes in with a paper package and an umbrella.]

JAKE: It's not raining outside.

AMIR: Hey, check this out. I, uh... made my own bread last night?

JAKE: Are you asking me a question?

AMIR: [suddenly out of breath] Yeah, I just figured, uh, why not? [unwrapping and holding up a loaf of bread] I've been, uh, interested in that... kind of thing for a while now, so... ta-dah!

JAKE: Wow... okay. [gives a thumbs-up] Nice, bud.

AMIR: [still out of breath] Yeah, last night for dinner, I was, uh, jonesing for, like, a grilled cheese sandwich, you know. So I open the door and I just see, like, uh, cheddar?

JAKE: Just make them sentences instead of questions. Statements, okay? [Amir nods] You're telling me a story; you're not asking me.

AMIR: And I had, um... [pause] tomatoes?

JAKE: ...Did you have it or not? I don't know.

AMIR: I had tomatoes?

JAKE: Okay?

AMIR: But hey! No bread, so I, uh... [long pause] I open the fridge, and I'm like "You know what, Jake"--

JAKE: --"Amir"--

AMIR: --"Jake, today's the day... today's the day you finally... you figure it out. You figure it out, and you get it done." So, uh... let me cut you off a slice, huh? [grabbing a knife]

JAKE: You know what? I-- you know, I appreciate the offer. I actually am just not that hungry.

AMIR: [sawing the bread loaf] Come on, please? It'll mean a lot to me if you... try a slice!

JAKE: No, I know it would mean a lot to you. That's one of the reasons I don't want to try the bread.

AMIR: [still sawing] I'm curious to see what you think about it.

JAKE: I wish you were less curious.

AMIR: [holding the bread off the table, still sawing] Whether you like it or not is actually what I'm most curious about!

JAKE: Right, of course. I know.

[Amir finishes cutting a slice of bread. He hands it to Jake.]

AMIR: Here you go. Careful, it is hard.

[Amir drops the bread, and it makes a clanking sound. Jake picks it up.]

JAKE: ...Why?

AMIR: Sometimes bread comes out like that.

[Jake tries to bite into the bread, and fails.]

JAKE: Ow! Really hard.

AMIR: Well, it's a work in progress, sure, okay, but there's a learning curve.

JAKE: This is chalk!

AMIR: That is uncalled for! It is chalky, to be sure, but there are some redeeming characteristics.

JAKE: No, like this bread is legitimately chalk! I mean-- [pulls out a chalkboard, draws on it using the bread] --look!

AMIR: Enough! More than enough, actually, okay? There's constructive criticism, and then there's this-- this-- this-- this-- this poison that you say to me...

JAKE: This bread is poison!

AMIR: Do you like it... or not?

JAKE: Like it? I can't even bring myself to bite into it! This slice alone is the density of a brick! I mean, it's amazing!

AMIR: Appreciated!

JAKE: Never a compliment.

AMIR: Alright, here: try it with some of this homemade jam! [Handing Jake a plastic container with a live rabbit sitting in it] Yeah! Just spread that liberally on the chalk-- or, bread. [laughing] Now you have me saying "chalk", ya dingbat!

JAKE: How?

AMIR: No-- I don't know how! You said "chalk", and then suddenly I'm saying "chalk" instead of "bread". It's a whole thing.

JAKE: No, I mean, like, how do you have this? How do you think it's jam?

AMIR: It is jam! You just press its head against the bread-- not chalk mind you-- [laughs] and then you use a knife to sort of squeeze its little jam insides out of its anus onto the cha-- [pause] bread, oh my God, I hate you!

[Jake stares, dumbfounded, at Amir.]

AMIR: Here! Here! Give me that-- give me that rabbit jam. I'll show you.

JAKE: No! I will not!

AMIR: Excuse you.

JAKE: Excuse you!

AMIR: No, excuse you!

JAKE: Absolutely excuse you!

AMIR: Give me the rabbit back, my friend.

[Jake gets up and leaves with the rabbit.]

AMIR: Hey-- hey! Get-- that guy's getting away with my jam! Get back here, you thief!

[Amir picks up the remaining loaf and throws it at Jake. He misses and hits Rosie in the head.]

ROSIE: Ahh!

AMIR: Oh!

DAVE: [kneeling by Rosie's corpse] He's dead...

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: Ho ho ho! Happy Thanksgiving!

JAKE: Wrong.

AMIR: Sorry!

[Jake is working at his desk. Amir sits down with another ancient scroll.]

AMIR: Hear ye, hear ye! Can anybody hear me?

[Before Amir can continue, Jake gets up and leaves.]

AMIR: [gasps with indignation] Unreal!

[Jake is in the bathroom. A pair of feet descend stealthily to the floor in the stall beside him. It's Amir, who's brought his scroll with him.]

AMIR: [yelling] "Top Ten Alternatives to Turkey on Thanksgiving", by Amir Raymond Blumois!

JAKE: You know, turkey's a pretty important part of the holiday, pal.

AMIR: It's animal cruelty! "Number ten: Did you know that turkey is a live hen?"

JAKE: Misinformation.

AMIR: "That's why I'm telling you... to eat a wren!"

JAKE: Wouldn't that still be animal cruelty?

AMIR: "How are you going to have bird love for a pheasant you've never heard of?"

JAKE: I've heard of a wren.

AMIR: "Number nine: Feeling swine! What's that jive? Slit that piggy's throat while it's still alive. Come on, bud! Drink his blood!"

JAKE: Okay, that's more animal cruelty than is already necessary on Thanksgiving.

AMIR: "Number eight: Would it kill you to put some veggies on your plate? A strawberry, a yam, asparagus, or meat."

JAKE: Sorry-- which one of those is a vegetable to you?

AMIR: Asparagus! Asparagus is a vegetable!

JAKE: Yeah, you also said "strawberries" and "meat".

AMIR: And "yam"!

JAKE: That's a root vegetable, b-- fi-- just... move on.

AMIR: "Number seven: I'm eleven! A throwback Thursday to my tweenage years, when my dad gave me three aged beers. Child Services gave me away, but that very afternoon, gave me right back! Turns out I pissed off all the wrong people in the Clerk's Office. They figured what my dad was doing to me was more than deserved: it was earned!"

JAKE: Oh my God, that's dark.

AMIR: "Have you ever seen an admitted child abuser get off scot-free? Yeah, I wish it happened to someone else... and not me!"

JAKE: Pretty mean to wish that on someone else.

AMIR: "My dad defended himself in the courtroom, and all he did was stand up, point at me, and say, 'I rest my case.' The loser got a standing O, and then my court-appointed attorney gave him a handy and a blow! Two jobs for the price of fun!"

JAKE: You know what? Stop it. Don't make me feel sympathy for you, alright? You don't deserve it.

AMIR: "Number six: Can't be fixed! But that don't matter, 'cause we got" [singing] "gold teeth, Grey Goose, trippin' in the bathroom; we don't care... we got something in our hair... 'Cause we'll never be royal!"

[There's a flush from outside. Dave Resenberg is in the bathroom as well, at the urinal.]

DAVE: Yo, Amir!

AMIR: What?

DAVE: You suck.

AMIR: Very nice, asshat. Who's that?

DAVE: Dave Rosenberg.

AMIR: Alright, good... we're good then.

DAVE: Yeah, you're just saying that 'cause I can kick your ass.

AMIR: I'm saying 'cause I'm... just-- leave me alone. I'm busy. Christ.

DAVE: I'm gonna wait outside, and I'm gonna kick the shit out of you.

AMIR: Right, I know. Just let me finish the list.

[Dave goes to stand right outside the bathroom door.]

AMIR: Dumbass.

JAKE: Wow, man. That made me really depressed. You are... such a small coward.

AMIR: "Number five: Put the car in drive! I'm talkin' 'bout a Whopper from Wendy's and Dunkaroos from the D's! Eatin' it in the backseat of your car alone, because nobody came with me's."

JAKE: What a sad way to spend Thanksgiving. Alone, eating McDonald's? Which doesn't sell Dunkaroos, by the way.

AMIR: ..."Number four: Dave's mom's a whore."

[Dave storms back into the bathroom.]

DAVE: You piece of shit!

[Dave begins trying to kick down the stall door.]

AMIR: [frantically] "Number three: Jake, please help me!"

JAKE: Did you know this was going to happen?

AMIR: "Number two: this latch won't do! Oh, this hulking ape is more than a chape, and look at me, this frightened queer Jew!"

[Dave kicks the door down.]

AMIR: Ohh! "Number one: What's done is done. I've, I've-- I've-- I've made my bed, and I said what I said. There's... there's a beating that's coming, and it won't do me any good running, so... I guess I'm caught on the can, and I must be a man. Do what you must. I accept your blows." [leaning forward] "Break my jaw; eviscerate my nose."

JAKE: Pal! Easy with the weird death wish!

AMIR: "But maybe... just maybe, my bravado is uh... is a-stirring something inside you. There's a kinship here, a-- a mutual respect on a cos--"

[Dave kicks Amir in the face. Amir falls limp against the back wall.]

DAVE: [to Jake] He's dead.

[Amir twitches.]

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, I guess.

JAKE: What? What is it?

AMIR: You're sad at me!

[Jake is at his desk. Amir walks up slowly, rubbing his temple.]

AMIR: ...Hi.

[Jake turns around.]

AMIR: Are you... er... I just think I need to go to the hospital.

JAKE: Sorry?

AMIR: I'm not... or, I don't know who I am.

JAKE: [processing the situation] ...No, I mean "sorry" like... like I don't know you. We don't know each other. In life.

AMIR: [confused] ...Yeah?

JAKE: Yeah. We're not close.

AMIR: What's my personality like?

JAKE: ...I don't know you, man, but, um... you know, what most people around here like you for is that you, uh... you're not a paranoid schizophrenic, you don't have delusions of grandeur, and you... use the toilet, when you need to go to the bathroom.

AMIR: That's fun.

JAKE: It's normal... understand? You are normal.

AMIR: [gesturing around] And so I sit, like...

JAKE: You sit on the other side of the office. Far... [tearing up] far away from here.

AMIR: Why are you crying?

JAKE: [smiling, wiping his eyes] I'm just really happy. Alright? It has nothing to do with you, but I think there's um... I really think there's a miracle happening right now.

AMIR: I'm just rifling through my pockets, trying to figure out, you know, little hints about my past, and there's, like, this... barbecue sauce container, a-- a clump of blond hair, and this really poorly-worded note.

JAKE: You know what, man? I think you put on some... some weird loser's pants. Some small coward. Okay? But... but he's gone now. I think... I think luck, or fate, or God finally intervened, and I really think he might not ever come back.

AMIR: [reading the note] "Clone Jake with his hair if he's ever being a bitchly." [bringing the lock of hair up to Jake's head] Are you Jake?

JAKE: I'm Josh. [swats Amir's hand away]

AMIR: Ohh!

JAKE: Josh R. But you can call me Josh. And look, man, it was really nice to meet you, but... but please leave... Yeah. I have work to do. Get out of here.

[Pat shows up]

PAT: Hey, Jake! Sorry, just got a quick question for you. Uh, you know that, um... [trying to get Jake's attention] Oh, I'm sorry. Jake? ...Jake. ...Jake! Jake! Jake!

[Amir seems intrigued.]

PAT: Jake! Jake! Jake! Jake! Jake! Jake! Jake! Jake! Jake! Jake! Jake!

[As if having an epiphany, Amir begins as well.]

PAT: Jake! Jake! Jake! Jake! Jake-- /AMIR: ...Jake... Jake... Jake. Jake! Jake--

[Jake stands up and confronts Pat.]

JAKE: You have to leave. Now.

PAT: ...Okay.

[Pat leaves.]

JAKE: [to Amir] You should go too.

AMIR: So I guess this is goodbye.

JAKE: I... I guess so... I hope so. [Amir looks confused] I guess so.

[Amir turns to leave, but Dave Rosenberg is in his way.]

DAVE: Boom, bitch!

[Dave punches Amir in the face and Amir collapses.]

AMIR: Aah! What was that? Jake! Where have I been?

JAKE: [to Dave] You asshole! Why'd you do that?

AMIR: Yeah, why'd you do that? Get him, Jake! Show him no mercy! What the--

[Jake has grabbed a mug from the desk, and begins hitting Amir in the face with it.]

AMIR: Ohh!

JAKE: Go back! [hits Amir]

AMIR: Ohh!

JAKE: Go back to where you were! You ass! [hits Amir]

AMIR: Ohh! Stop it, or I'll-- [gets hit] --clone you, you-- [gets hit] --bitchly!

END													

														INTRO

JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!

AMIR: Or you can press stop and sta...

JAKE: [interupts] Yeah, why would you say that?

AMIR: I'm just saying, it's an option

[Jake is chilling on a couch. Amir enters the room abruptely and bluntly sits down next to him, while he is looking on an iPhone]

AMIR: Aah, dating apps! Rollcall! Go!

JAKE: Is that a first generation iPhone?

AMIR: I have 'Tinder', 'Hinge', 'Grindr', 'Minge', 'OKCupid', 'OKStupid', 'Whatsapp'..

JAKE: That's not a dating application!

AMIR: They're all dating applications, if you know how to be a pimp! [tilts iPhone, smirkingly]

AMIR: The only app that's worth a damn on here is 'Grindr', I'm actually 10 for 10 on that shit! Huh, it works perfectly, if you don't mind who fucks you and where.

JAKE: Has it ever been a girl?

AMIR: Not as of yet, nay!

AMIR: [scrolling through iPhone] I'm on 'match.com', but it says I'm 0% compatible with everybody!

JAKE: I definitely believe that! Your profile says that you're anti-abortion, pro-guncontrol, neonazi-liberal-lesbian rabbi.

JAKE: What do you mean 'where'?

AMIR: Like an alley... or... my face.

AMIR: So 'Hinge' is like 'Tinder', but it relies on you to have facebook friends, of which I have none!

JAKE: Oh my god!

AMIR: Yeah, luckily for me I fucked the creator at the launch party. Huhu

JAKE: Is that true?

AMIR: That I went to the launch party? [long pause, staring at Jake] No!

AMIR: Thoughts on this guy? [Amir shows Jake the iPhone screen] Would you let him...

JAKE: [finishes Amir's sentence] ...fuck my face?

AMIR: Excuse you!

AMIR: I have a 'Tumblr' lately. Yeah, I reblog hot chicks in the art scene and sort of neg their shit! I say I'm a gallery owner, so they respect my negative opines.

JAKE: You're such an evil guy.

AMIR: You're just pissed, 'cause it works!

JAKE: Does it?

AMIR: Not really, no, but you'd know that when you called me evil, did ya?

[Amir pretends to hit Jake in the face, it doesn't make him flinch at all]

AMIR: Oh, made ya flinch!

[Jake pretends to hit Amir in the face, it is very effective, Amir screams softly, with his eyes shut]

AMIR: I lost a nut! How does that even happen, right? I, I swear I'm having the weirdest year. Ha

[jumps back to previous scene after Amir flinches, he is now full out crying. Jake is just sitting there double-facepalming]

AMIR: [crying, talking weepingly with eyes shut] I was so afraid! I thought you were gonna hit me, but more afraid of the pain. I was really afraid of how that punch would change us. How it would effect us going forward as friends.

AMIR: Actually met a girl on 'MySpace', invited her back to my Place, to sit on my face. Hehe

JAKE: Did that work?

AMIR: Absolutely not! Much to my disgrace! Huhu She, erm... She sued me! Which... [long pause] ...was bad!

JAKE: Sorry, who's this guy, that keeps on calling you? [pointing at iPhone] 'Ryan Don't Pick Up'?

AMIR: Na, I just met his wife on 'AshleyMadison.com', hu.

JAKE: The extra-marital affair site?

AMIR: It wasn't really that site, as much as it was 'Yelp'. She left a not so stellar review on this diner that I frequent, so I messaged her and begged her to open an 'AshleyMadison' account. I gave her access to my PayPal address and eh, she is not using it responsibly! Bitch is bleeding me dry and her husband is threatening me on the daily with bodily harm! I guess that's why I'm single! [he says, satirically] Hehe

JAKE: Yes! It is.

AMIR: Chill! Chill with that, those nasty asides!

AMIR: The trick is to join these, 'cause you're feeling lonely.

JAKE: That's not a trick.

[a blonde young woman enters]

CINDY: Hey, A.. Amir? Hi, I, I'm Cindy from Christian 'Mingle'

AMIR: Well, I'm Christian from single mingle...

CINDY: Bye!

[turns around, disgusted]

AMIR: Wait!

END													

														[INTRO]:

AMIR (OS, vampire accent): I vant to suck your-

JAKE (OS): You're watching Jake and Amir.

AMIR (OS): ASS!

[VIDEO]:

Ricky is standing in the board room in front of the staff

RICKY: So I think we all know why I've called this meeting.

JAKE: Sorry Sir, where have you been the last five years?

RICKY: Uh, Ibiza.

JAKE: Okay-

RICKY: But accessible via email.

Ricky glares at Jake

JAKE: Sorry...

RICKY: Anyway, the rumours are true, one rather unlucky writer is going to move to Los Angeles to our West Coast office.

AMIR (singing): California, knows how to farty.

Amir farts with mouth. Silence ensues.

AMIR: Wow. Okay just cause there's a sombre moment doesn't mean I can't crack wise, can we wax poetic for a second about one-liners and their place in history?

JAKE: Let's not.

Amir looks incredulous

JAKE: Alright? We just found out one of our friends has to move across the country.

AMIR: Not my friend.

JAKE: What if it's me?

AMIR: Then I'll kill myself.

RICKY: Okay. Now there's no smart way to choose who goes-

JAKE: Sure there is.

RICKY (holding a cap): So what we did is we put twenty slips of paper in this hat that say 'New York', and one that says 'L.A.' We'll pass the hat around and if you get the one that says 'L.A.', you're moving. We'll start to my right.

Ricky hands the cap to Amir

RICKY: Obviously, the tension will mount as the hat gets passed along and the twisted game of Russian Roulette plays out...

Amir unwraps his strip of paper which reads 'L.A.'

ROSIE: The bitch got LA!

The entire board room apart from Jake and Amir bursts into cheers and applause. Balloons fall from the ceiling and confetti is thrown about. Jake looks on disappointed and disgusted at his co-workers as a staff member brings out a cake with sparklers on top. Two co-workers begin making out on the board table. Amir looks despondent as Ricky pops open a bottle of champagne.

AMIR (to Ricky): When do I have to leave by?

RICKY: I don't know, when do you guys think?

The crowd starts to chant 'A.S.A.P.'

Three co-workers hold signs that read: 'Hell Yes! He moves West!' and 'Hell No! He will go!'. Jake moves over to comfort Amir but is brushed aside by the celebration. A group of staff members pick Amir up by his chair

AMIR: Ricky! Objection! Leading the bitches!

WILL: This is finally my place!

Will walks over to Amir carrying a plate of faeces as the staff hold up a banner that reads: 'OH SHEESH Y'ALL TIS A DREAM'. Will smears it in Amir's face.

AMIR (coughing): Is this?

WILL: My own shit? Yeah...

AMIR (gagging): So hot...

WILL: It's good.

AMIR: No!

WILL: Uh huh...

The camera zooms out on the cap to reveal that all of the strips of paper read 'L.A.'

[TITLE]: 'To be continued...'													

														INTRO

AMIR: [singing] Hey you're watching Jake and Amir and you're--

JAKE: You said you had a good song.

AMIR: It is a good song!

[Amir is packing up his belongings in preparation for his move to Los Angeles. He is holding a large cardboard box labeled "AMIR STUFF".]

AMIR: Well... this is it. [pause] It's more than it, actually.

JAKE: It's just it.

AMIR: This is goodbye... it's more than goodbye.

JAKE: It's just goodbye. And it's just it.

AMIR: [mouthing] Wow.

JAKE: Wow. Yeah, you know, not everything has to be more than something, just to drive your point past home.

AMIR: You're gonna put me on blast for that?

JAKE: Yeah. A blast.

AMIR: Oh? That's a good idea?

JAKE: I do. I think so.

AMIR: To blast me?

JAKE: Blast you on a Tuesday.

AMIR: On the day I move to The Angels?

JAKE: I'll help you with your stuff.

[Jake grabs the box. It folds instantly, as the bottom hasn't been put together. The only thing inside is a paper bag labeled "OZENENZ".]

JAKE: Are you kidding me, man?

AMIR: What?

JAKE: You were packing for an hour. You have no possessions?

AMIR: No possessions? There's a sandwich bag!

JAKE: A s-- yes! Exactly! You have a sandwich bag! You worked here for eight fucking years!

AMIR: It's odds and ends, mostly!

JAKE: It's really light! You know, considering the amount of time you spent here, at this desk. No backpack? No bag?

AMIR: I pack light.

JAKE: You didn't pack at all! You packed-- [shakes the bag] --it sounds like grapes and raisins, mostly.

AMIR: [grabbing the bag] Enough, alright? Enough.

JAKE: Right. [pointing to the OZENENZ label] "Odds and ends", by the way, is not one word. You, uh... you spelled this more than wrong.

[As Jake and Amir walk away, the focus lingers on their desk.]

[Jake is accompanying Amir on his way out. They are in the elevator.]

AMIR: It's been ace working with you.

[Jake pauses, but Amir begins talking over him the moment he responds.]

JAKE: Man, that was lame. It was so lame. It made me uncomfortable. / AMIR: Ass, ass, ass for not laughing at that? It was a callback!

JAKE: Okay. It's a deep pull.

AMIR: I thought we were gullies!

JAKE: Stop it.

[Jake and Amir are outside in front of the CH office.]

JAKE: I know it's hard for you to leave, but I thought maybe, uh... maybe we'll do something special, something real big, for our last hurrah.

AMIR: "Last hurrah"? What are you talking about? Just 'cause I'm gonna be in LA doesn't mean that we're not gonna work together anymore!

JAKE: Yes it does.

AMIR: How frickin' so?

JAKE: How not? You're moving across the country. You're gonna be in a different office.

AMIR: [yelling] I know! But we're still gonna be in the same office... dweeb!

JAKE: [also yelling] So you don't know! I just said we're not gonna be in the same office! Don't yell at me that you know when you don't!

AMIR: Congratulations! Time! You just ruined my last day on Earth here in six minutes flat? No! Six minutes bumpy!

JAKE: I'm trying to tell you that I'm gonna drive you to LA.

AMIR: In what?

JAKE: [pointing to an RV parked across the street] In that.

AMIR: ...What is that?

JAKE: It's an RV!

AMIR: We're driving across the country in an RV?

JAKE: Eight days of adventure.

AMIR: Just you and me?

JAKE: Just me and you.

AMIR: [taken aback] Wow... [to himself] I deserve so much more than... [trailing off]

JAKE: What?

AMIR: [yelling] I deserve so much more than this! This-- this... this is your big idea for a send-off?

JAKE: ...You piece of shit.

AMIR: Cool it.

JAKE: No!

AMIR: What is that, like, a... like a thirty-footer or some little piece of--

JAKE: It's twenty-two feet.

AMIR: Twe-- you might as well have rented a minivan at this point! I'm not going Dutch with you on that!

JAKE: I'm not asking you to go Dutch-- you know what? Never mind, man. Just have-- have fun in California.

AMIR: No, no no no, come back, come on, yeah, I'm excited. Big adventure. Hurrah.

JAKE: You're making it worse.

AMIR: You know what? No no no, this is good. You'll make it up to me along the way.

[Amir heads off-screen toward the RV.]

AMIR: Oh sheesh, y'all! T'was a road trip!

[Off-screen, there are tires squealing and horns honking.]

JAKE: Oh!

AMIR: [off-screen] Whoa! Okay, taxi almost nicked me.

JAKE: More than nicked you!

[The screen goes black, with text reading "To Be Continued..."]

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: [singing] On the road again... just can't wait to get on--

JAKE: Alright, stop it-- You're watching Jake and Amir!

AMIR: Wow.

[The RV is parked at a gas station, and Jake is returning with a bag.]

[CAPTION: Somewhere in New Jersey...]

[Jake enters the RV. Amir is sitting inside with a big bottle of energy drink.]

JAKE: Hey.

AMIR: [in a weird voice] Oh hey there!

JAKE: [pulling a water bottle out of the bag] Got you water.

AMIR: [emptying a 5-hour Energy Shot into his bottle] Oh, no thanks. I think I'm good!

JAKE: That's, like, a pint of 5-hour Energy. I think you should hydrate.

AMIR: I butt-chugged a Dasani! At the Mason-Dixon line!

JAKE: We're in New Jersey.

AMIR: I'm sorry, if I had known you were gonna be a babysitter on this trip, I would have charged you $3.99 an hour and tried to kiss those milky white thighs on your way home!

JAKE: ...Did that happen to you?

AMIR: Unimportant. [holding up an atlas the wrong way, turned to a map of Australia] I've been doing some light map research...

JAKE: The map's upside-down and backwards.

AMIR: [flipping from Japan to the Middle East] Ever seen midnight in Marrakesh? The lights dance on the ocean, and reflect off the anus.

JAKE: We can't go to Morocco!

AMIR: Very well! [closes the atlas] We'll summer in Cte d'Ivoire, aka the Ivory Coast! Golden sunlight! Silver moonlight! All of it weaving together in a glowing tapestry that tugs at the anus.

JAKE: Alright, just... chill. Stop saying "anus". Will you name cities in America?

AMIR: Spain!

JAKE: Not in America. Not a city.

AMIR: Maine!

JAKE: Closer. Still not a city.

AMIR: [screwing up his face] Anal!

JAKE: And you've lost it completely-- change your mouth!

AMIR: Why are you being such an ass-cracker, okay? The world is our oyster!

JAKE: Just-- name cities in between here and Los Angeles, okay? New Orleans. Austin. Vegas.

AMIR: Pass, pass, ass. Okay? You know, I'm just gonna go to sleep if you're gonna be such a queen roach about it!

JAKE: I get it. Okay? You're angry, [Amir makes an angry face] you're sad, [Amir makes a sad face] you're scared. [Amir makes a scared face] You don't want to move to Los Angeles-- [Amir waggles his finger as if to say "no"] alright, that's enough with the active listening. Alright? Just let me talk-- but, look, it's happening no matter what, so... all we can do is make the most out of the next week that we have with each other. So what do you say? You want to have a cool adventure, or what?

AMIR: I love you so much!

JAKE: Alright, awesome. [Jake bro-shakes with Amir. Amir doesn't let go of his hand.]

AMIR: And you? Do you love me, brother?

JAKE: I think you're pretty cool, and I'm down for this adventure!

AMIR: [laughs] And in terms of love, [bouncing back and forth] where did you land on that debate?

JAKE: I... appreciate your love. Let's hit the road, huh?

AMIR: [laughs] Let's hit it so hard that we love each other for it!

JAKE: You're really hurting my hand at this point.

AMIR: Hurt it so much that it's... lovely?

JAKE: [yanking his hand away] Alright. What would it mean, after all that, if I said I love you now?

AMIR: I love you too.

JAKE: That's... not--

AMIR: [singing] Your love is taking me higher! [takes a swig of energy drink]

JAKE: A pint of sugar is making you higher, okay? Will you just chill? That's, like, forty-five hours of energy.

AMIR: [offscreen] No! Sleep! 'Till!--

[A pan back reveals that Amir has immediately passed out, in his underwear somehow.]

JAKE: Jesus.

[CAPTION: To Be Continued...]

AMIR: [snoring, talking in his sleep] Oh, don't kiss my thighs!

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: [singing] On the road again... just can't wait to get on--

JAKE: Alright, stop it-- You're watching Jake and Amir!

AMIR: Wow.

[Jake and Amir are in New Orleans, on a balcony.]

CAPTION: New Orleans, LA

JAKE: Alright, man! To New Orleans!

AMIR: B'shanah haba'ah b'Yerushalayim: next year in Jerusalem, my friend!

[They toast with their shot glasses.]

JAKE: Cheers.

[They both down their shots.]

JAKE: Not bad, right? Tequila.

AMIR: I'm blind.

[In the cut forward, Amir's dress shirt has disappeared. He's now just wearing a white T-shirt.]

AMIR: How long before I feel the high? [singing] And speaking of pipes, I'm high!

JAKE: Drunk, is what you're gonna be feeling, and I think you already are, which is really fast. Most people need more than one sh--

AMIR: [singing] Shot through the heart! [laughs] We should do blow coke tonight. I'm serious, dude. [grabbing Jake's hand, interlocking their fingers] I know a guy.

[Amir's other shirt is back, draped around his shoulders.]

AMIR: [quickly] I want to eat drugs, roll face, rage face, suck face, fuck face, starting-- starting with her! [pointing] Okay. [shouting] Hey baby! You want some beads?

JAKE: Alright, you know what? That's an eight-year-old boy.

AMIR: That doesn't matter! If there's no grass on the field, play bald!

JAKE: Jump.

AMIR: Make me! [Jake grabs him] Murder!

[Amir now has beads. He's dancing and bumping into Jake.]

AMIR: My dad tried to kill me, that's a fuckin' problem! My dad tried to kill me, that's a fuckin' problem!

JAKE: Yeah, you know what? That is a really big fucking problem! Okay? And just... stop being so honest. Alright? It's ruining my night.

AMIR: Let's play a drinking game! Never have I ever: been happy! [puts his thumb up]

[Amir, now with a Bourbon Street T-shirt and different beads, is nearly falling asleep.]

JAKE: Wake up.

AMIR: [yelling groggily] Aaaaaa.

JAKE: Jesus. Just keep drinking the water, alright? Try and sober--

AMIR: Stop yelling, okay? I'm blackout, obviously!

AMIR: Never have I ever been to the equator or made anyone in my life smile or proud of me!

[Amir has many more beads.]

AMIR: Do you think I'm funny?

JAKE: Don't touch me-- no. You're not funny.

AMIR: I'm serious! I know you laugh at my jokes, [mock laughter] ha ha ha ha ha, but do you ever, like, sit down a day or two later, and think about something I said, and crack up to yourself? That's the type of shit that you do to me. [pause] That's the type of shit you do to me, I want to know if I do it to you!

JAKE: Stop it! No, I don't laugh at anything you say when you say it. You think I laugh at something you said later?

AMIR: Forget it!

[Amir's T-shirt is hanging loose from one of his shoulders.]

AMIR: I guess I'm a two-beer queer! Just don't tell my dad. He hates gay people!

JAKE: He sounds like a piece of shit.

AMIR: Say that again! Say that again, and I will knock you the fuck out!

JAKE: You know what, man? The shot that I gave you didn't have any alcohol in it. Okay?

AMIR: Talkin' about my dad!

JAKE: That wasn't tequila!

AMIR: You're clearly too high to have this conversation.

[Amir is snorting something off-screen. His shirt is half-off.]

JAKE: Don't don't don't--

AMIR: Woo!

JAKE: Alright, now we have to go to the hospital, 'cause you just blew a line of salt.

AMIR: [pinching his sinuses] Ohh, my sinii! Take me to Mount Sinai!

[Amir is missing his glasses and staring directly into the camera.]

AMIR: George Bush doesn't care about black people.

JAKE: Who are you talking to?

AMIR: I'm serious, man!

[Amir is still amassing beads.]

AMIR: Never have I ever hugged a bitch, been accepted by a bitch, or felt connected to a bitch! [to Jake, with an imaginary microphone] Why do you think that is?

JAKE: 'Cause you call them bitches?

AMIR: Ooh, wrong answer. Guess again.

JAKE: 'Cause you're an asshole.

AMIR: Enough.

AMIR: Avert your eyes, Cornholio, Daddy needs a new set of beads! [turning away from the camera, flashing his chest to the street below]

JAKE: [disgusted] Oh, my God! How do you have such saggy naturals?

AMIR: I'm actually down to clown with a lady of the night, if you catch my drift.

JAKE: A prostitute?

AMIR: A janitor! ...ess!

[Amir has his shirt wrapped around his head.]

AMIR: [doing an accent] We are being boarded by armed pirates! We are being boarded by armed pirates!

JAKE: I think it's time to go to bed.

[Amir is doing the shocker and flicking his tongue between his index and middle finger.]

JAKE: Alright, do you want alcohol or not?

AMIR: I'm good.

AMIR: And my dad hates me, he's got a fuckin' problem! And he won't return my call, I got a fuckin' problem...

JAKE: Hey-- whoa--

[Amir backs up and falls off the balcony. There's the sound of Amir landing on the hood of a car and setting off its alarm.]

AMIR: Never have I ever felt my spine...

CAPTION: To Be Continued...

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: Y'all are watchin' Jake and Amir! And we're in Texas!

JAKE: Terrible accent.

AMIR: Sorry, y'all.

CAPTION: Somewhere in Texas...

[Jake and Amir are in a diner, eating. Amir slaps Jake's hand multiple times to knock the french fry out of it and to get Jake's attention.]

AMIR: You think I can name ten thousand people?

JAKE: Why did you do that?

AMIR: Easy. Bill Clinton. Bill Nye! ...Um... what's-his-face. The, uh... fucking guy.

[Jake watches Amir incredulously.]

AMIR: Fucking what's his name?

JAKE: I'm not gonna give this one to you.

AMIR: He won an Oscar? And a pretty good one! Scorcheh? ...Mike Scorch, or some shit like that.

JAKE: Scorsese?

AMIR: How many is that?

JAKE: You had two, and then you failed to name Martin Scorsese.

AMIR: That's it. Scorzizzy.

JAKE: Wrong.

AMIR: So, uh... [pause] oh! Duh. My fucking dad! ...Your dad!

JAKE: What are their names?

AMIR: I don't know their names. I said I can say ten thousand people! Say!

JAKE: You said "name".

AMIR: 'Cause I know their names too!

JAKE: Fine. What's your dad's name?

[Amir spits a bit of french fry at Jake.]

JAKE: Ohh! Come on.

AMIR: Merith!

JAKE: ...What?

AMIR: Mart!

JAKE: You can't even say the same fake name twice in a row! How impossibly dumb are you?

AMIR: How about you're the scorekeeper! So shut your trap--

JAKE: Really?

AMIR: --and say what my score is!

JAKE: Okay. Bill Clinton. Bill Nye. I'll give you half a point for Scorsese, and half a point for two dads, one of them being yours, that you couldn't name.

AMIR: Oh! The... fucking guy! [laughing]

JAKE: [mock laughing] It's still not a revelation. You don't know the name!

AMIR: The... chick! She's married to the dude! From the house? From the house?

JAKE: From what house?

AMIR: The White House! Ever heard of it?

JAKE: You-- name the President, then! And the First Lady! Go ahead! Should not be hard.

AMIR: That's five.

JAKE: How is it five?

AMIR: Alright, you know what? New game, Hitler.

JAKE: That's a person. You could have named Hitler.

AMIR: [fanning out a deck of cards] Name a card, and I guarantee I can find it in two seconds.

JAKE: ...Ace of spades.

AMIR: [immediately dropping the fan] Shit! Oh, no! Which one? Which one? Say it again!

JAKE: Ace of spades-- and time. Okay? Time, I think.

AMIR: No, no no no no no no no! Give me two seconds!

JAKE: You already asked for two seconds!

AMIR: Well congratulations, David Blaine!

JAKE: Another person.

AMIR: You chose the one card in the deck that's borderline impossible to find!

JAKE: [picking up the ace of spades] It's right here!

AMIR: Ooh, impressed much?

JAKE: That was impressively bad. I mean holy shit, it took you way longer than two seconds, and you never found the card!

AMIR: Couldn't have chosen the four of clubs? [holding up a four of clubs] The one that's staring me dead in the eyes as soon as I flip the deck over? Didn't want to make it too easy on ol' Blumes, did ya?

JAKE: How was I supposed to know what card you were gonna see first?

AMIR: You know I've had a shit life, man.

JAKE: Alright, tell you what. I'll pay for lunch.

AMIR: Thank you, Mother Teresa.

JAKE: You know, you've named more people by accident than you could when you were playing the game.

AMIR: [picking up Jake's card] Ace of spades! Found it!

[Jake walks over to the counter.]

AMIR: Also, I thought of a few new names.

[Jake checks his phone. His texts with Ricky show up. It reads:]

[RICKY: In Ibiza brb / JAKE: K...? / Ricky sends a picture of the ballot hat from "Relocation" / RICKY: Don't show this to Amir lol]

[Jake opens the picture. It reveals that every ballot had "LA" written on it.]

AMIR: Um... Ace... Spade?

[Jake looks back at Amir. A waitress has approached him and become involved in Amir's game.]

AMIR: Diva, roach, ass! It's-- you couldn't have given me the four of clubs, make it a little easy on this guy, you know? [chuckling] I've actually had a pretty shit life.

WAITRESS: I'm sorry.

AMIR: It's fine. It's not your fault, it's just that... why'd you have to say Jack? Those are the hardest little jokers to find!

WAITRESS: I didn't even specify a suit. Shouldn't be that hard. I see two Jacks right there.

AMIR: Where?

JAKE: [coming back] Hey man.

AMIR: Hey man. Sorry, one second. Waitress gave me a tough one, actually!

[The waitress sneaks away.]

JAKE: Tell you what, man. I'll play again.

AMIR: ...Yeah?

JAKE: How about... four of clubs?

[Amir smiles. He looks down at the pile of cards, and then his smile turns into a look of panic. He paws at the cards.]

AMIR: No... No!

CAPTION: To Be Continued...

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: As the sunlight kisses the majestic vista, our heroes emerge!

JAKE: You're watching Jake and Amir.

AMIR: Okay.

CAPTION: Grand Canyon, AZ

[Jake is silently looking over the Grand Canyon. Amir approaches and stands beside him.]

AMIR: That awkward moment when you realize it's not that grand of a canyon.

JAKE: [shaking his head] She is grand.

AMIR: And she is canyon. I'm just saying... that awkward moment when you realize it's not that big of a canyon.

JAKE: Right, it's the same thing. You just said it twice. Okay, you know what? I think I'm gonna go, because I've been out here for two hours, while I can only assume you were back in the RV, rehearsing that line over and over again. I mean, at one point, it sounded like you were focus-grouping it in there.

AMIR: I was FaceTiming with Leron back in the States.

JAKE: We're in the States.

AMIR: And he actually only had one note. It was to add "that awkward moment when" in the beginning, to make it more like a... meme.

JAKE: Bad note. Right? [Amir shrugs] Just so I'm clear, you spent two full hours storming your brain, and all you could come up with was coming out here and saying something negative, insulting this this, this, this national treasure, and your shithead cousin's one note was to add a cliche to the top of it?

AMIR: I'm sorry.

JAKE: ...Forget it.

AMIR: No, about everything, okay? I've been acting like a real... a real diva roach for the past seven... eight years.

JAKE: Don't you think at that point it's not acting like anything, you just are a diva roach? Like some sort of reverse evolution?

AMIR: [unfolding a piece of paper] I actually wrote you a note. If I could... read it...?

JAKE: ...Are you asking me if you know how to read? I-- I honestly-- I'm not sure. I don't know.

AMIR: [reading] "Thanks for everything. Uh, I know I've been a diva roach, and, uh, while I respect the shit out of you, I rarely show it. I don't know if you've noticed, but I don't-- I don't have a single friend, and my family life is, um... not. You are the one bright spot in my otherwise dismal life, and even though you get short-tempered with me, I know that at the end of the day, you have my back. I just want to say thank you for that. I appreciate you."

[Jake sniffs and wipes away a tear. Amir discreetly pulls out his phone and takes a picture.]

JAKE: That's insensitive.

AMIR: 'Gramming it. Hashtag: best moment of my young adult life.

JAKE: Alright. Okay.

AMIR: Alright. Want to go to LA?

JAKE: You know what? We've got one more night to kill. What do you say we go to Vegas?

AMIR: Make is Las Vegas and you're on!

JAKE: Alright. I mean, it's... alright. Yeah. Yeah, fine! Las Vegas it is! Alright!

AMIR: No, now I feel like I'm changing your plan. Let's go to Vegas. Let's go to Vegas!

JAKE: No no, it's f-- alright, en-- ...tell you what, man. You're welcome. For everything.

[Jake and Amir bro-shake. Jake glances at Amir's note.]

JAKE: [grabbing the note] Sorry-- the other side of this note says "fuck off, Jake Hurwitz".

AMIR: I didn't know which way this conversation was gonna go.

JAKE: [reading] "You rat coward, you only take me on a week-long trip and pay for everything? How dare you! Is that all I'm worth to you, you you you diva roach?"

AMIR: Vegas, baby! Vegas! [heads back to the RV]

JAKE: Which one of us is the roach?

CAPTION: To Be Continued...

END													

														INTRO

AMIR: [singing] Viva... Las Jake and! Amir! Damn it.

JAKE: Bad execution. Bad idea.

AMIR: Keep it rolling!

[Amir is in a bathtub in a fancy hotel suite, where a bikini-clad girl is massaging his shoulders. Jake comes in.]

AMIR: I woke up in a used Bugatti!

JAKE: We have to leave!

AMIR: Excuse us.

JAKE: Yeah, actually, you know what? Excuse us. Can me and Amir talk alone for a second?

AMIR: Whoa! Anything you can say in front of me, you can say in front of Kat!

LYDIA: Uh, my name's Lydia.

AMIR: Sorry. [to Jake] In front of Kat!

JAKE: Lydia.

AMIR: Who?

JAKE: You know what, forget it. You showed up on the casino floor last night, drunker than I've ever seen anyone.

AMIR: I was blackout... with my cack out!

JAKE: Yes, it was. You were wearing a leather jacket, a French beret, and nothing else.

[Amir lifts his crotch out of the water. He's completely naked.]

AMIR: Oh yeah!

JAKE: [disgusted] Oh! Warts!

AMIR: No!

JAKE: You jumped on the roulette table, instantly pulled your hamstring, but you decided to power through.

[Amir smirks at Lydia.]

JAKE: You said "I'm the maitre d'! Who wants fish and chips?" You pointed up at the rafters, like a weakling Babe Ruth, you pulled out a flounder or a... or a sea bass or something...

[Amir is now wearing Lydia's shades over his glasses.]

JAKE: You tossed a thousand dollars' worth of chips in the air, and you hit it across the casino floor like... l-- like you were, like you were playing Tee Ball or something!

[Amir and Lydia laugh. Lydia is wearing Amir's glasses, and her shades are missing.]

JAKE: Then, you tried to charge what you thought was the mound, and you ended up hitting an elderly Walmart greeter on vacation with her dying husband. Closed-fisted.

AMIR: [wearing both glasses and shades again] Flounder!

JAKE: I said flounder!

AMIR: [wearing just his normal glasses] You said sea bass! ...Sea bass!

JAKE: Security was called, but you were covered in fish grease, naturally, so you were able to slip through their arms. The pit boss announced a rousing game of "catch the slimy Jew", and a group of Asian businessmen bet against you, and won, when you ran full-speed, head-first into a Sex and the City slot machine.

AMIR: That was a classic Samantha move. I'll admit it. I'll be the first to admit it!

JAKE: There was a deafening crack, [Amir pulls a face] and everybody started to surround what they were sure-- what they hoped, actually-- was a dead body...

[Amir is wearing the glasses and shades again.]

JAKE: ...until you awoke mid-sentence, suing the casino, which I guess is when they upgraded you to this ridiculous suite.

AMIR: [with normal glasses] Thus concludes your tale of woe and worry, but alas, everything worked in the end! [picks up a handful of bubbles] Bubble bath! Bubble bubble bubble bath. [blows them at Jake]

JAKE: No it didn't! Security took you up here and started showing you suite after suite, but it was clear that you had taken this... miraculous turn of events for... more than granted! You kept on claiming "none of these rooms are Mac Daddy enough!" Finally, in this one, you demanded to know whether the balcony was stable or not. When the concierge went out there, you locked the door behind her...

[Amir smirks at Lydia, who is wearing his glasses.]

JAKE: ...and then, in a final brazen act of cowardice, you tried to set the room on fire. Unsuccessfully.

AMIR: [with his normal glasses] Except I burned my finger, okay? If I may be so bold as to ask: how is that fair?

JAKE: That is a bold question, but it is actually not fair, because in a fair world, you would be dead.

AMIR: You don't have to be a roach about it!

JAKE: Finally, delirious with anger or maybe possessed by the devil, you barrel-rolled down the escalator back onto the casino floor, in nothing but an open bathrobe and a cowboy hat. You yelled "I'm gonna buy a blood diamond worth of blow! Who's coming back to my room with me?"

[Amir blows more bubbles toward Jake.]

JAKE: That's when Lydia-- who, I'm just gonna say this, 'cause you said I could say anything I wanted to in front of her: Lydia, I can only assume you're a garbage-can whore-- came back up to the room. By the way, honey, there's no blow up here. So I'm sorry to disappoint you, but--

[Lydia jumps out of the tub and begins strangling Jake.]

LYDIA: What did you say? [to Amir] You promised! [continues screaming at Jake]

JAKE: What? [to Amir] You said I could say anything I wanted to in front of her!

AMIR: Kat! I said you could say anything you wanted to in front of Kat! That's Lydia! She's a feisty one. This [gesturing to another bikini-clad girl showing up] is Kat!

KAT: Did you say something about Lydia, motherfucker?

[Kat begins yelling at Jake and choking him as well.]

END													

														INTRO:

JAKE: Hey- you're watching Jake and Amir.

AMIR: Thank you, thank you, thank you.

Jake and Amir are parked in the RV on a street in LA

JAKE: Alright man. That's it. It's been fun...

AMIR (getting out of the RV): Later!

JAKE: Insane!

Amir pats the car and begins to walk away

JAKE: You wanna say goodbye?

AMIR: Hmm?

Amir turns back to the car window

AMIR: Oh- arrivederre!

JAKE: You have a fun experience?

AMIR (holding up two fingers): Chi!?

JAKE: A good road trip?

Amir laughs

JAKE: Hey it's been cool working together, for the last eight years.

Amir takes a picture of Jake with his phone

JAKE: Do you wanna reflect? On anything?

AMIR (nodding): I liked it.

He makes a peace sign

AMIR: Deuces.

JAKE: Hey at least let me shake your hand.

AMIR: Actually I fear that if you touch me I will crumble to the ground, in a tidal wave of emotion. So, uh, let's not make this any harder than it needs to be. (Chuckles) Peace. Text me.

JAKE: Ok, I get it.

AMIR: Get what dude? I am a rock, I am an island, and this isn't sad because I'm not actually thinking about it. Ooooh (voice faltering)

JAKE: I'm gonna get out of the car.

Jake gets out of the RV

AMIR: Do what you gotta do but I'm just warning you that we are getting dangerously close to me confronting the reality of the situation which is that out relationship is actually...

Jake embraces Amir

AMIR: ...oh... Over...

JAKE: You're my boy. You're my boy.

AMIR: You're goddamn right I am.

Jake lets go of Amir

JAKE: Relax.

They look at each other

JAKE: Text me.

AMIR: I will, a lot. (Laughs)

JAKE: Not too much.

AMIR: A lot.

They start moving apart. Jake notices Amir's 'OZENENZ' bag still in the front seat of the RV

JAKE: You forgot your odds and ends.

Amir turns around

JAKE: You keep it.

Amir walks away

Jake is sitting on the side of the footpath going through the bag, he pulls out a pair of sunglasses

CUT TO: Clip from 'Jake and Amir: Sunglasses':

Jake is wearing large women's sunglasses

JAKE: What are you doing? I put on sunglasses and you put on like the exact same pair.

Amir is wearing a similar pair of glasses

AMIR: Not the, (laughs) not the exact same pair. Your's are yellow right? I can't, yeah they're yellow right?

JAKE: It's like the idea of putting on sunglasses.

AMIR: Oh- the idea-

CUT TO: Jake sitting looking at the sunglasses:

AMIR (O.S.): I didn't- yeah I didn't know you invented sunglasses.

Jake puts the glasses down and pulls out a small video camera tape, written on it is:

ACE AND JOCELYN

ASTRONAUT

ACCOUNTANTS

FROM OUTERSPACE!

EPISODE 5

CUT TO: Clip from 'Ace and Jocelyn - Episode 5':

Jake is pointing his finger at Amir

JAKE (to Amir): This right here? This is a finger-blasting gun and it shoots invisible lasers and I'm gonna shoot you.

PAT: Guys I think I'm blind.

AMIR (to Jake): I know... WHAT IT IS! Just relax Ace! Put it down!

CUT TO: Jake taking out a box of Chicken McNuggets:

Jake opens the box and eats a nugget

AMIR (O.S.): All day, every day...

CUT TO: Clip from 'Jake and Amir: Nutrition':

Amir is sitting at his desk eating a chicken nugget

AMIR: ...every hour, got a chicken nugget in my pocket gotta put it in my mouth.

Jake and Sarah are sitting at Jake's desk

SARAH: Jesus, where did that- where did that even come from?

JAKE: He just has them.

CUT TO: Jake looking through the bag:

Jake pulls out a Rubik's cube

JAKE (O.S.): So do you want the Rubik's Cube?

CUT TO: Clip from 'Jake and Amir: Rubik's Cube':

Amir is sitting at his desk

AMIR: Only if you want me to solve the Rubik's cube. THAT depends on whether or not...

Jake throws the cube at Amir. It hits him in the nose. Amir clutches his nose

CUT TO: Jake playing with the cube:

Jake accidently drops the cube and it shatters off screen. Jake pulls out Amir's 'Most Bitchly' badge from brownies

JAKE (O.S.): That pin says 'Most Bitchly'

CUT TO: Clip from 'Jake and Amir: Brownie':

Amir is wearing a girl scouts uniform

AMIR (In a high-pitched, whiny voice): Yeah!

Jake cringes

AMIR: Yeah it does okay? But it's a reminder for me to not be such a bitchly. I'm a little ashamed about it but I keep it on.

JAKE: Listen to your voice.

AMIR: What?

JAKE: Don't let it get to that octave.

CUT TO: Jake throwing the badge down:

Jake pulls out a gold watch

JAKE (O.S.): This is a Rolex!

CUT TO: Clip from 'Jake and Amir: Rolex':

Jake is sitting at his desk holding up the watch

JAKE: It's a Rolex, buddy!

AMIR: You know how you're always like, uh, 'what time is it?' Ha...

JAKE: I've never said that to you before.

AMIR: Well it's time for me to get you a new watch.

Jake looks at the watch silently

AMIR: Fuck off for not laughing at that you diva, you diva little... I'm sorry, you're a cunt! [Simultaneously] JAKE: You're an ass, you're an asshole. I don't want this gift from you. You're- I'm- shutup dude!

AMIR: I'm sorry. I'm sorry for that that was obviously a little too much. [Simultaneously] JAKE: You just yelled cunt in the office. How is that okay? Alright, you know what?

CUT TO: Jake pulling Amir's canyon note out of the bag:

*Jake pulls the note out which says:

FUCK OFF JAKE!!

YOU RAT COWARD!*

Jake sighs and returns the note. He gets up and walks away

In the new LA office boardroom. Employees are standing around chatting. Amir enters.

AMIR (singing): Make way, for prince Amir...

The employees start booing and throwing paper at Amir. Someone pulls a chair out from under him and he falls down. Everyone cheers and laughs. Someone helps Amir up and then spits in his face before another employee staples his neck

AMIR: Ow! Ow!

Jake runs in

JAKE: Hey! Hey! Come on! What are you guys doing? This is insane, it's no way to treat somebody on their first day of work. I mean I know you've heard stories about this guy from New York, but, but jeez doesn't he deserve a chance? He took a real big leap of faith coming out here and... the least you guys could do is give him a fresh start. (Looking at Amir) I know one guy in this office who will.

EMPLOYEE 1 (coughing): Loser!

EMPLOYEE 2: Nice! Boom.

The rest laugh as Jake and Amir take their seats at their new desks

AMIR: You really wanna work here with me? Heh.

JAKE: Yeah, I do.

AMIR: ...Pussy.

JAKE: Sorry, what?

AMIR: You're a pussy...

JAKE: Why are you saying that?

AMIR: I leave you a bag of trinkets and you're to move across the country for me?

JAKE: Are you kidding me? This is insane!

AMIR: Oh! A Rubik's cube.

Amir starts fake crying

JAKE: Oh, shut the fuck up. Alright, tell you what man, the RV is outside!

AMIR: Enough.

JAKE: I can move back to New York. [Simultaneously] AMIR: No no no no, I'm just joking.

AMIR: I was just joking.

JAKE: You were just joking...?

AMIR: You gotta learn how to take a joke man, I'm serious. I mean, this is LA.

JAKE: You gotta learn how to give a joke, cause that's rude.

AMIR: Wow...

JAKE: What I just did was really nice and then you hit me with the Rubi- you didn't even say thank you.

Amir starts to make beeping noises

JAKE: Back it up?

AMIR: Back it up. Absolutely.

TITLE CARD: The End

AMIR (O.S.): Let's... start over...													

														INTRO

JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.

AMIR: Did you miss me?

JAKE: No.

AMIR: Fine. Jeez. Heh, ouch.

[Amir is at his desk in the LA office, with his head buried in his hands. Jake enters, and Amir lets out a loud, accusatory yelp.]

AMIR: Where the fuck have you been?

JAKE: What are you talking about?

AMIR: What am I talking about? You weren't here last week! ...So I assumed you'd be gone forever!

JAKE: Why on Earth would you assume that? Didn't I make a pretty big deal out of staying here?

AMIR: I guess not clear enough!

JAKE: Holy shit, dude. I take one week off... one week off in the last eight years, and you're putting me on blast for that.

AMIR: Forget it, okay? What... what printer are you connected to?

JAKE: Printer?

AMIR: [leaning over Jake's computer and pointing, screaming] Printer! What printer are you connected to?

JAKE: Easy-- ...does it with the Air. Okay? It's a delicate device.

AMIR: Don't tell me...! [trails off into high-pitched, incredulous laughter]

JAKE: Is that a sentence, that you--

AMIR: Don't tell me you're not connected to a printer!

JAKE: ...I'm not connected to a printer--

AMIR: [immediately picking up the phone] Hi. IT? Yeah, this is Jake Amir Blumenfeldwitz from the fifth floor? [lifting an old printer onto his desk] I have a brand new, heavily used 1982 Inkjet printer!

JAKE: How is that brand new?

AMIR: Brand new ink! [on the phone] Sorry. [to Jake again] Brand new ink! Okay? Yeah, the cyan was replaced last week, but the yellow and magenta are butt-old!

JAKE: So then the ink's not brand new either.

AMIR: [on the phone] That's right, I desire to connect. So why don't you come upstairs and hook a printa up!

JAKE: You know, there's a lot of mouse droppings in there.

AMIR: That's right!

JAKE: What do you even need to print?

AMIR: Travel much?

JAKE: What?

AMIR: Boarding passes... asses! Or do you check in curbside!

JAKE: When is the last time you flew?

[The IT guy shows up.]

IT GUY: Hey, if you want to print, just select the default printer from the server here.

AMIR: Oh, okay, yeah, connect to your server? So you can jack my shit, jack my boarding passes?

JAKE: Come on.

AMIR: [chuckling] Soon you'll be... spending cross-cuntinental trips on my dime? Wh-wha-what, Christmas in Maui? Easter in Hanoi? Arbor Day in the Thimble Islands, all care of Dr. and Mrs. Blumenfeld!

JAKE: How is that your dime, then?

AMIR: [to the IT guy] Let me ask you a question, good sir, now that you're here...

[He hits a key, and an Arnold Schwarzenegger soundbite plays.]

ARNOLD: Who is your daddy, and what does he do?

IT GUY: This is a company computer. We already have all your information.

[Amir hits a key.]

ARNOLD: You want to fuck with me?

IT GUY: Okay, fine. I'll connect the printer.

JAKE: Hey, watch out, dude. There's a mouse in there.

[The IT guy jumps back, but the mouse jumps onto him.]

AMIR: No!

IT GUY: Oh, he got me!

JAKE: Oh, no!

AMIR: [emulating Arnold Schwarzenegger's accent] Oh, it's not a tumor!

END													

														INTRO

JAKE: Hello, you're watching Jake and Amir!

AMIR: Wow, hamming it up much!

JAKE: Jesus.

AMIR: Diva!

[Jake and Amir are at their desks.]

AMIR: Holy guac! These Bitcoin things are ridinky-donky! I gotta have one, b-b-b-b-b-b-b-bad!

JAKE: Stop it. Do you even know what a Bitcoin is?

AMIR: Yeah, the future of everything! [Making excessive air-quotes] You know "money"? Bitcoin is like "money", but, um... "better".

JAKE: You're overusing your air-quotes. Why do you think Bitcoin is better than money?

AMIR: Because it's worth more than cash! ...Ya jackash! One Bitcoin is currently worth four hundred and fifty... cash!

JAKE: Right, you're using that word wrong. A Bitcoin is worth four hundred and fifty dollars.

AMIR: Which, last time I checked, was still more than the one hundred [perfect Jake impression] "dollars." that I bought it for six months ago, so.

JAKE: You know what, man? You are exactly what's wrong with Bitcoin. You and your speculator friends are just treating it like a stock, [Pat walks by] hoarding Kingcoin, waiting for the price to go up so you can sell it to the next jackash at a profit!

PAT: Jake, sorry... didn't you buy, like, ten Bitcoin a few months ago, when they were selling for twelve hundred a coin?

JAKE: Yeah, dude! 'Cause I believe in Bitcoin!

PAT: Why?

JAKE: Um, 'cause it's the future of everything? [pulls a weird face]

AMIR: [laughing] I love you!

PAT: How is it the future of everything?

JAKE: [holding up one finger] Oh, um, it's untraceable! For one! Untraceable! [Amir also holds up a finger]

PAT: Meaning...

JAKE: Meaning it's worth more than cash! ...Jackash!

[Amir cracks up silently.]

PAT: And how is cash traceable?

JAKE: And, um, Pat? [doing the Robot, singing in a robot voice] It's digital. It's digital. [Amir dances too] It is digital. Bitcoin's digital.

PAT: How are dollars traceable?

JAKE: And, um, to my final point: [mimes pushing glasses up the bridge of his nose] It is, um, an online cryptocurrency, Mr. Cassels, so, uh... Hurwitz! From way downtown!

[Jake lobs a tennis ball at Pat, who moves out of the way.]

PAT: Jesus!

AMIR: Oh-ho, swish!

JAKE: Hey, Amir! Why don't you tell this pasty Jew what we do to jackashes!

PAT: I'm not Jewish.

AMIR: I am, ya jackash!

JAKE: [motioning Amir over] Buddy... I think you should lift me up.

AMIR: ...What?

JAKE: I just swished the game-winning three, so I think it's only fair that you come over here, lift me up like a champion, and give me your Bitcoin.

AMIR: Excuse me.

[Jake puts his arms out, expecting to be lifted up. Amir walks over.]

AMIR: Uh... okay...

PAT: This is absurd.

[Jake hoists himself up and wraps his legs around Amir's waist like a small child would.]

AMIR: Oh! You're h-- ...you're heavy!

JAKE: No I'm not!

PAT: This is so weird.

JAKE: What's your Coinbase login and password? We're gonna sign in, we're gonna move all your Bitcoin over to my digital wallet.

AMIR: I thought you said you already had Bitcoin!

JAKE: I did have Bitcoin, and it was in MtGox. It was hacked and now it's gone. [pause] Alright, I made the three. It was from downtown.

AMIR: You're hurting my back!

JAKE: Then let me down!

[Amir puts Jake down. Jake sniffles and wipes away a tear.]

JAKE: 'Cause you let me down. [leaves]

AMIR: ...I'm sorry!

PAT: Hey, Amir, you know, for what it's worth, I'm proud of you for standing up to that, uh... really weird bullying.

AMIR: That weird bullying was the highlight of my life! ...Jackash!

END													

														INTRO



AMIR: Hey, this episode of Jake and Amir is a slam dunk! [chuckles]



JAKE: Very good.



AMIR: Swish!







[Jake is filling out his March Madness bracket. Amir rolls up in a rolling chair, holding a sheet of his own.]



AMIR: Start spreading the 'Cuse! I'm leaving Duke--



[Jake slaps him in the face.]







AMIR: Me like Arizona, but me have a soft spot in my heart for mid-major darling Wichita State!



JAKE: You know, you actually have a soft spot in your heart because of fetal alcohol syndrome.



AMIR: Enough.



JAKE: I'm serious, man. I read the doctor's report. Your mom would drink whiskey on purpose when she was pregnant with you. She wanted to terminate her own pregnancy.



[Amir makes mocking hand gestures at Jake.]







AMIR: Creighton barreled their way past Bed, Bath, and B. Young!



JAKE: ...Who?



AMIR: Brigham Young!



JAKE: They didn't play Brigham Young.



AMIR: Anus!







AMIR: Let's see, you got Iona, you got Iowa... what's next? Kentoka? Or... Yukor...?



JAKE: What?



AMIR: Winda? Or some shit? I don't... [pause] You hit me in the face, dude!







AMIR: Sorry, I'm weird about violence. I just have zero tolerance about that shit. That really fucking pisses me off.



JAKE: You kicked my tongue off!



AMIR: Okay. Okay! No, keep bringing it up.







AMIR: For the final four, I'm liking UNC and that baby blue! [chuckles] Can I see you pee, and a baby poo?



JAKE: Someone should arrest you.



AMIR: Someone has. [long pause] Someone absolutely has.







AMIR: [holding his cheek] To strike me like you did showed a lack of tact, and you came off like a classless ass, and that's the facts, Jack.



JAKE: For as dumb as you are, you're pretty good at rhyming.



AMIR: Alright, I appreciate your attempt to mediate and alleviate what you've done to me to date, but it's a little... too little too late.







[Amir is tucking his head between his legs, and straining to move further forward.]



AMIR: [grunting] Come on, you little pussy! Get... ah! Aw, shit!







AMIR: Fill out a bracket, huh? I say fack it! Nah!



JAKE: "Fack it, nah"?



AMIR: Yeah, fack it.



JAKE: Yeah? You wanna say "fack it"?



AMIR: Fack it! Nah!



JAKE: Then get out! ...Why don't you get out? Leave! You say "fack it"?



AMIR: Relax.



JAKE: Right?



AMIR: Relax.



JAKE: You want to--







[Amir is forcing his head between his legs again.]



AMIR: Fuck.







AMIR: Let's get high. Right now. I swear, my picks will make more sense if we're baked!



JAKE: Well, they couldn't make less sense currently. You have in your final four Gonzaga, a picture of a porcupine, the number eleven, and jam.



[Jake dabs his finger on Amir's bracket, coming away with a smear of jam. He tastes it.]



AMIR: Alright, enough-- Hey! No eating! ...No cheating!







[Amir has his head between his legs again. Jake is taking a picture of him.]



AMIR: [grunting] Stop!







AMIR: St. Louis, St. Joseph... what is this, a fucking, like, a... [laughs] ...I thought this... what is it, like, a-- a fucking... [making wild hand motions]



JAKE: Wow, dude. Try to work on these jokes a little bit.







[Amir has his head between his legs.]



JAKE: ...Time.



AMIR: Damn it!



JAKE: Yeah, dude, so you can't suck your own dick at all, let alone to completion, in less than three minutes.



AMIR: Double or nothing, okay? Anybody else's dick. Any dick.



JAKE: Alright, stop it. Stop it. I win the bet.







AMIR: [collecting his and Jake's brackets] Alright, so these are them.



JAKE: That's it.



AMIR: Our final brackets. Let me just file them under "E" for evidence! [rips the brackets up]



JAKE: Oh-- come on!



AMIR: Because you're under arrest! [grabs Jake]



JAKE: Hey--



AMIR: Yeah, that type of shit might fly in NYC, but this is illegal gambling, alright? We don't look too kindly on rinks!







END													

														INTRO



AMIR: Hey, you're not watching Jake and Amir!



JAKE: What?



AMIR: Reverse psychology.



JAKE: It's not.



AMIR: It is!







[Jake and Amir are both on their laptops. Amir yelps incredulously at something on his screen, but gags a little. Amir gag-yelps again, then a third time.]



JAKE: React internally.



AMIR: [gesturing at his screen] Get this guy out of my country; get this guy out of my life, dude!



[Jake shakes his head.]



AMIR: I'm sick of this TMZ tweeny-bopper Canadian lesbo ass, dude!



[Jake doesn't react.]



AMIR: [stammering, gagging] It makes me want to puke or something, dude!



JAKE: Dude! Dude, dude! Do your work! [Amir makes a face at Jake] Answer emails.



AMIR: [using air quotes, doing hand motions] Everything Justin Bieber does is a "blunder", and so I think we should send his ass back down under.



JAKE: Back-- he's from Canada. You just knew that.



AMIR: Either way, this Mongoloid ass needs to be deported for his actions, or lack thereof!



JAKE: What didn't he do?



AMIR: [shrug] He's just obnoxious.



JAKE: That's it?



AMIR: [shrugging excessively] He's just a little obnoxious. He just rubs me the wrong way, in a way. [chuckles] He's a little Johnny Obnoxville.



JAKE: He's-- ...sorry, you can't deport someone because they annoy you.



AMIR: This motherfucker is ruining the lamestream media, with these pop-up, tabloid, e-zine, blog, link bait, listicle bullshit! Okay? I can't-- they're just covering his downward spiral; it's disgusting! Look, visit my Facebook wall. I post about these things pretty often, actually, they're-- [chuckling] --they're actually really funny! They're great! [laughing]



JAKE: You just said you didn't like them, [looking down at his laptop] and wow. Buddy, you are a major part of the problem. Don't you think? You post about these stories all the time on Facebook! Your last one just says "Buck Fieber"... nice.



AMIR: I'm serious, dude. Buck him! Yeah, why does he get all this attention? He doesn't deserve it! Just... just thinking about it, literally all the time, makes me sick to my stomach!



JAKE: You know, you're giving him a lot of attention.



AMIR: Yeah, 'cause he's a basket case! He's a car crash, and I can't look away! Also, belieb it or not, I'm... I'mma kind of obsessed with this little fucker.



JAKE: Of course I belieb that! That's very beliebable.



AMIR: I have Bieber fever in a way. Okay? Diarrhea and all.



JAKE: I think you might just have diarrhea.



AMIR: I'm actually starting a Facebook group.



JAKE: Wow, you look sick.



AMIR: If you care to join it, it's called, uh, "Deport Justin Bieber Before I Faint"! [struggling to speak]



JAKE: Alright, yes. You definitely just have a stomach bug. Take up a real issue. Alright? Focus on something a little more important than this celebrity bullshit.



AMIR: Holy shit, did you see this TMZ video of Justin Bieber pissing in a bucket? [laughing]



JAKE: It's really old.



AMIR: You can actually kind of see Justin's balls in it. It's... it's pretty hot. [fanning himself by shaking his shirt collar] I'm sweating.



JAKE: Yeah, you have the flu! You're pale, you're angry, you're dripping with sweat. Go home for the day.



AMIR: I'm fine. I'm just freezing, and... [pause] puking a little.



JAKE: Oh, that's a lot of puke!



[Amir is vomiting on himself.]



AMIR: Oh shit, dude! 'Gram it! 'Gram this, and DM it to Justin. I have... I have giardia for this tween fuck!







END													

														INTRO



JAKE: [cheerily] Hello! You're watching Jake and Amir!



AMIR: [chuckling, imitating Jake in a nasal voice] "Hello! You're w--" ...you sound bad, dude!



JAKE: No.







[Jake is outside, writing and eating lunch. Amir and Murph come up behind him, wearing oven mitts and carrying a giant pot of pea soup.]



AMIR: Who wants soup?



AMIR/MURPH: April Fools!



[Amir and Murph dump all of the soup on top of Jake, who lets out a blood-curdling scream.]







[Cut to Jake lying on his stomach on a stretcher. His shirt is off, and his back is covered in cloth bandages. Amir walks over to him.]



AMIR: I know you're not mad at me, okay, but I can't help but feel that you're a little bit pissed at the day.



JAKE: I'm mad at you.



AMIR: Whoa! Did not expect or deserve that tongue-lashing!



JAKE: You know what I didn't expect or deserve? To be burned alive. Leave me alone.



AMIR: Fine!



[Amir stops talking, but doesn't leave. He looks around idly for a bit, then bends over and puts his face next to Jake.]



AMIR: Want to know the worst part?



JAKE: I know the worst part. It was the feeling of the flesh falling off my back, after--



AMIR: It's that April Fools is like ruined now almost. [standing back up] Not in a good way, either.



JAKE: How can you ruin something in a good way?



AMIR: I'm just saying that I feel like every April you'll be reminded of this little snafu, and I won't be able to play another epic prank on you without this green cloud hovering over us!



JAKE: Yeah, you know what, dude? I think I will remember this every April. I'll remember this every week, every day, for the rest of my life. I will never forgive, never forget--



AMIR: Today just got sucks.



JAKE: Today got sucks when you scalded my back with soup.



[Murph shows up.]



MURPH: 'Sup, Jake. ...Making Amir feel bad again?



JAKE: Leave me alone, Murphy! Alright? My back really kills.



MURPH: [leaning over, whispering to Jake] I think that you owe Amir an apology.



JAKE: [whispering] What? Why?



[Murph stands up, and rips one of the bandages off of Jake's back.]



JAKE: [screaming] Owwwww, I'm sorry!



MURPH: [leaning over] I don't think Amir could hear you.



JAKE: [whimpering] Ohh...



MURPH: Because you were yelling like a bitch.



AMIR: I guess kinda I could hear him...



JAKE: [high-pitched stammering] Yeah, he could hear me! Hear that? He said he could hear me!



AMIR: ...though Murph does raise a good point that it was a little bit masked by, b-- by the, by the bitchly screaming.



MURPH: So let's try that again, Jake. [Jake whimpers again] This time, without the bitchly screaming.



JAKE: Weak! I'm so--



[Murph tears another bandage off.]



JAKE: [screaming, crying] Owwwwwww!



MURPH: Amir, do you accept that?



AMIR: I mostly do, but maybe not completely, because he didn't finish the sentence. He was like, "I'm sorr-- aaaaah!"



JAKE: Man, this is so fucked! Even for you guys! ...It's too dark! I don't like this!



MURPH: Amir, should we give Jake one more chance to apologize like a man... [leaning down to Jake] and not scream like a bitch?



AMIR: I don't want him to get hurt--



JAKE: Good, man! You hear that? He doesn't want me to get hurt!



AMIR: --though, on the other hand, everybody does deserve a second chance, and maybe another rip will give Jake that opportunity.



MURPH: [to Jake] Everyone deserves a second... [ripping off another bandage] chance!



JAKE: [screaming] Owwwww, God, no, no! What's wrong with you, you sick fucking... it--...



[Murph is massaging Jake's back, the skin of which is surprisingly intact and undamaged.]



JAKE: ...I feel... I, I... I feel no pain. What are you doing?



MURPH: [smiling calmly] I'm applying warming jelly to your back. Jake, the soup wasn't burning hot... it was freezing cold. [Amir nods] You went into shock, and... we told you your body was covered in third-degree burns. [staring off into the distance, still massaging Jake] It's funny, you know? You're always wondering what to expect... maybe you should start expecting what to wonder.



JAKE: ...Y--... y-- you still ruined my clothes.



MURPH: Oh shit, I'm sorry.







END													

														INTRO



BEN: Hey, you're watching Adele Dazeem and Amir, on CollegeHabbaps.



JAKE: ...What?



AMIR: It's fine!







[Jake and Amir approach the front door of an apartment.]



AMIR: [sighs] So, I got us an amazing real estate agent, who will find us an amazing apartment!



JAKE: Awesome, man. What's his name?



[Ben Schwartz shows up, as real estate agent.]



BEN: Oh, my name?



JAKE: Jesus Christ.



BEN: It's funny you ask, 'cause I have a very ordinary name, and you've never met me before, so I can understand why you'd ask, so do you want to hear it?



JAKE: You shouldn't have to clarify--



BEN: My name-- here it comes --my name is Cherry Dude! ...Cherry... Dude!



JAKE: Nobody announces a name like that.



AMIR: [singing] Nobody does it better!



BEN: [joining in] ...it better!



JAKE: ...I hated that.



[Ben sniffs at Jake.]



JAKE: I'm gonna go.



BEN: [motioning for Jake to wait] I think you'll find that the door is locked.



JAKE: I'm outside, so, I'm good.



[Ben tries to open the door, but it is locked.]



BEN: Aaah. It's the door that I need to open!



[Amir laughs. Ben laughs back, then taps Jake in the nuts. Jake recoils in pain.]



BEN: Well! I will be back with a key, and a donut! Okay?



AMIR: [laughing] I told you he was the best!







CAPTION: 3 HOURS LATER



[Ben comes running back to the door, holding a donut but no key.]



BEN: [singing] Here I come to save the day! [laughs] Look what I brought.



[Ben mashes the donut into the doorknob's keyhole.]



JAKE: Did you forget the key?



BEN: I forgot the key!



JAKE: You ruined a donut.



BEN: I ruined a donut! [wiping his hands] I'll be back-- with a donut!



JAKE: With a key.



BEN: With a key.



JAKE: Key.



BEN: I'll be back with a key.



JAKE: Right?



BEN: Right.



AMIR: And a donut!



BEN: And--



JAKE: Just a key!



BEN: Oh, just a key this time!



JAKE: [to Amir] It confuses him.



BEN: It confuses us.







CAPTION: 19 HOURS LATER



[Ben comes running back again.]



BEN: This time I remembered... [holding up another donut] the key!



JAKE: It's a donut--



BEN: [mashing the donut into the keyhole] That's a donut. [sighs in frustration]



JAKE: God damn you.



[Ben blows into the upper keyhole, and gently opens the door.]



BEN: [singing] If you want to view paradise...



JAKE: What the fuck...? How did you do that?







[Ben guides them inside. There are tarps and a ladder by the entrance.]



BEN: Now I know you haven't eaten in the past twenty-four hours, but feast your eyes on this!



[Ben motions to the terrible-looking apartment.]



JAKE: Right, I know that's a joke, but I am very, very hungry.



BEN: Then feast your mouth on this!



[Ben holds out a muffin, and Amir immediately slaps it out of his hand.]



AMIR: We can't live in a muffin, you idiot!



BEN: Moving on!



JAKE: [to Amir] I would have eaten that.



BEN: Now let me give you a little info on the place. [As he speaks, he tries to put his arm around Jake, but Jake keeps fighting him off.] We're currently inside a five-bedroom, six-bathroom colonial townhouse, in Williamsburg, Virginia.



JAKE: Alright, can you stop doing that? We're not in a townhouse.



BEN: Okay, that's my fault. It's the wrong listing. [flipping through listings] Aaah! Here we are inside a blueberry muffin.



AMIR: What?



BEN: Is that wrong too?



AMIR: Yeah.



BEN: Okay, let's back 'er up. Aaah! [puts his arm around Jake's neck, pulls Jake toward him]



JAKE: Can--



BEN: We're currently inside a shithole in Crack City, USA.



AMIR: Oh, very cool!



BEN: Moving on! [laughs suggestively]







BEN: Do you guys like bathrooms?



AMIR: Uh, yeah!



BEN: Ohhhh, damn it.



JAKE: Why.



BEN: This place has zero bathrooms.



AMIR: That's okay.



JAKE: How do you shit?



BEN: What I do is I take a shot of moisturizer, and I get real wide, get over a toilet and go like this: [chanting] Hakuna matata. Haaaaaakuna matata! Nothing happens. That's just to scare it, to get ready. Cut to seventeen hours later: I'm in my bed, shittin' my balls off. Moving on!







BEN: I shouldn't tell you this--



AMIR: Oooooh, do it--



BEN: Okay, fine! Do you want to know who lived here before you guys?



JAKE: Sure.



BEN: Have you heard of a little band called the Rolling Stones?



AMIR: Uh, yeah.



BEN: Well, the serial killer who lived here loves the Rolling Stones. Played it while he killed people!



JAKE: Wait, a serial killer lived here?



BEN: Lives here. Moving on!



AMIR: Ooh!



JAKE: What?



AMIR: Whoa, a raven.







BEN: Oh, I forgot to ask you! Oh, no! Do you guys have any pets?



JAKE: No, we don't.



BEN: Ohh-ho-ho! Good, 'cause this place already has way too many pets.



AMIR: Where are they?



BEN: They're at work.



JAKE/AMIR: Work?



BEN: Yeah. Uh, you never seen a rat be a chef before?



JAKE: That was in a cartoon.



BEN: Yes! But a dog animated it.



AMIR: Moving on!







BEN: Just like the movie "Willy Wonka", the walls taste like things.



AMIR: [licking the wall] This one tastes like glue and paint!



BEN: [licking the wall] This one tastes like asbestos!



JAKE: How do you know what asbestos tas--



BEN: [yelling, trailing off] The snozzberries taste like snozzberries.







AMIR: So how much does this place cost?



BEN: Ten--



AMIR: Ooh!



BEN: --thousand--



AMIR: Aww.



BEN: -dollars--



AMIR: Ooh!



BEN: --a week.



AMIR: Aww.



JAKE: This place is disgusting.



BEN: Well, I do have two other listings.



AMIR: We don't want to live in a muffin!



BEN: I do have one other listing, but it is absolutely terrible.



JAKE: Then we're not gonna see it.



BEN: But there wouldn't be a Part Two if we didn't see it!



AMIR: Let's do it!







END													

														[Clips from the previous episode.]



CAPTION: Previously On "Jake and Amir"



AMIR: I got us an amazing real estate agent, who will find us an amazing apartment!



BEN SCHWARTZ: My name is Cherry Dude!



AMIR: We don't want to live in a muffin!



BEN: I do have one other listing, but it is absolutely terrible.







INTRO



BEN: Welcome to Part Two of Juke and Aboot!



[Amir chuckles.]



JAKE: "Juke and Aboot"?



AMIR: It's close enough.







[Jake, Amir, and Ben enter a very nice apartment.]



BEN: I can't believe we're even in this place. Look at it. It's a dump. [sarcastically] It comes with all the furniture... ugh, and do you smell that? You might want to clog your nose. It smells like fruit.



JAKE: ...It smells great.



BEN: Well, if you love the smell of this, I got a muffin on Fairfax that'll drive ya wild!



AMIR: We don't want to live inside of a muffin.



BEN: Can we leave, please?



JAKE: Let's move on. See the rest of this place.



[Jake puts his hands on Ben's shoulders. Ben pushes them off.]







BEN: Another one of the countless things wrong with this place: the TV doesn't even work. [cut to reveal that he's referring to a Foosball table] It's all in black and white, and it only plays soccer.



JAKE: This is a Foosball table.



BEN: [doing a British accent] Whatever you call it in England, Your Majesty!



[Ben jabs Jake in the crotch with one of the bars of the table.]



JAKE: Ow!



[Jake jabs him back.]



BEN: [dreamily] Ahhhhhh...



[Ben jabs Amir in the crotch. Amir cackles.]



BEN: Wipeout! ...Please say we're done.



JAKE: Let's move on!



[Ben groans loudly in exasperation.]







[Jake, Amir, and Ben all sit down on a bed. Ben's hand is where Jake sits down.]



JAKE: Oh! In me!



[Ben pulls his hand away, licks his finger, then licks Jake's chest.]



JAKE: Ah! On me!



BEN: Here's another guest bedroom, but what's the point of having a bed in a room?



AMIR: Thank you!



JAKE: You're a bad realtor, man.



BEN: And you're a bad boy! [reaches over at Jake, infringing on his personal space]



JAKE: Ugh, get off me! When did you get your license?



BEN: Hmm. [counting on his fingers] I mean honestly, I can't even count--



JAKE: Just tell me the year.



BEN: No. I don't know how to count.



JAKE: Ah.



BEN: I don't know how to count. But, let's all get up! Three, two, heel!







[Jake, Amir, and Ben are in the home theater.]



BEN: And here, we have your own personal movie theater, but what's the point of jerking off in a movie theater if strangers aren't like "Hey! Hey, this is Frozen! Stop doing that! Cool dick, dude!"



JAKE: Did anyone say that second part?



BEN: Moving on.







AMIR: Whoa, that toilet felt great! It was like a massage chair.



BEN: S-- you know what, I think you probably just took a shit on the masseuse.



AMIR: Oh, no.



BEN: Yeah. Did he talk?



AMIR: Yeah, yeah.



BEN: Different language?



AMIR: Mm-hmm.



BEN: Was his name Sven?



AMIR: [simultaneously] Sven? Yeah. Damn it.



BEN: I can't believe he just let you shit on him... here we go. [leaves]



AMIR: That's so dumb of me.



JAKE: Yeah.



AMIR: Even for me. That's dumb.







BEN: So, we have seen apartments today; do we know which way we are leaning?



JAKE: Yeah. I think it's pretty obvious.



BEN: [open-mouth chewing as he talks] Yeah. I think so.



AMIR: Agreed.



JAKE: Yeah.



BEN: No need to say it!



AMIR: Mum's the word! We're all on the same page.



BEN: We know which one to get!



JAKE: I think so too.



BEN: But just in case, should we say it?



AMIR: No.



BEN: Don't need to.



AMIR: Don't need to.



BEN: 'Cause we got it.



AMIR: Exactly.







[Cut to a muffin sitting on a square of artificial turf. Jake and Amir can be heard, presumably from inside the muffin.]



JAKE: Are you fucking serious?



AMIR: I know! How amazing is this blueberry sun roof?



JAKE: It's bad!



AMIR: It's fun! It's--



JAKE: It's fun?



AMIR: It's friendly; it's different.



JAKE: To live here, in a muffin?



AMIR: Then get out! If you don't want to live here, get out.



JAKE: Fine. Bye.



AMIR: Aaaaaah. Don't go anywhere.



JAKE: Where's the door? It's a muffin.







END													

														INTRO



AMIR: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. Who needs Jake? [laughing, then crying] Where is he?







[Jake is in an office room, on his phone. Amir materializes from nothing into the chair beside him.]



AMIR: Oh hey there!



JAKE: Jesus Christ, dude!



AMIR: What?



JAKE: What are you?







AMIR: Been thinking a bit about poster ideas; thought I could run a few by you.



JAKE: Poster ideas.



AMIR: Yeah.



JAKE: Don't you think we're scraping the bottom of the barrel at this point?



AMIR: I think I can make 'em funny!







AMIR: We should come up with a ratings system. So instead of you saying, like, "this is good, this is bad", you'll be like "this is amber, this is taupe".



JAKE: So taupe is bad?



AMIR: No no no, taupe is great. Amber is just better than that, and if something is ultimate, it's gray.







AMIR: It's a poster of Jordan, right-- Air Jordan, probably-- and he's soaring through the sky and slammin' it home! [putting his hand on Jake's shoulder]



JAKE: Stop touching me.



AMIR: Pretty--



JAKE: Pretty unoriginal.



AMIR: Pretty forcefully. Is what I was gonna say. Don't taint my ideas with your negative shit feedback... Christ!







AMIR: Uh, it's a poster of dank weed, you know, like sticky bud, and there's, like, a girl in a bikini.



JAKE: Alright. Taupe.



AMIR: Pretty good. Agreed.



JAKE: That's the lowest I could rate it.



AMIR: Huh?







AMIR: [taps Jake's shoulder] Alright, it's a poster of a clock, right--



JAKE: Don't touch me.



AMIR: --but instead of the hour marks, it's little beers... except at six o'clock, it's a little ears. 'Cause listen up! It's beer-thirty! And I'm thirsty!



JAKE: That's the only time that it wouldn't be beer-thirty. It would be ear-thirty.



AMIR: Amber.



JAKE: ...How dare you.







AMIR: See if you can wrap your twat around this one: it's a psychedelic black-light poster for a little band I like to call... the Grateful Dead! [pulls a constipated-looking face]



JAKE: That's a really horrible face-- and none of these ideas have been original, okay? It sounds like you want to just open up a poster store.



AMIR: That's actually a pretty dece idea. Maybe a poster store in the front, a cool cafe in the back, and a little spot to put air in your tires if you ride a bike!



JAKE: God, you're a bad businessman.



AMIR: I'm not a businessman. I'm a businesswoman.







AMIR: It's a picture of a ninety-eight-year-old dude on a toilet, right? Caption: "I'm gettin' too old for this shit!"



JAKE: That one's kind of funny.



AMIR: Well that one already exists too! So all this shit about me not selling "originals"? [doing air quotes] "You're dumb"!



JAKE: Why am I here?



AMIR: ...What?







AMIR: I'm actually on the fence about even pitching this one, 'cause it's so, like, hyper-offensive.



JAKE: Alright, well, so don't say anything--



AMIR: But it's a [long-sustained bleep, accompanied by a black censor bar over Amir's mouth]



[As Amir describes his poster, he makes violent hand gestures. Jake tries shushing him, then looks around, then tries to interject. None of this is audible over the censor bleep. Eventually Jake slaps Amir to shut him up.]



AMIR: ...Taupe.







AMIR: So it's a poster so shiny and reflective that it shows you a mirror image of yourself when you stare at it.



JAKE: A mirror.



AMIR: Yes, Jake?



JAKE: I didn't say your name. You're pitching me a mirror.



AMIR: ...Yes, Jake?



JAKE: Taupe.



AMIR: Dope.







AMIR: I can has cheezburger?



JAKE: Is that a pitch?



AMIR: No, I'm just hungry, and I was wondering if I can has a... has a cheezburger, actually. I... I hasn't has one in a while, and I was... simply... curious as to whether or not I can has one. A cheezburger.







AMIR: This one's less of a poster and more of a drink, but it's like a... orange juice and soda water.



JAKE: That's entirely a drink. You just pitched me orange soda.







AMIR: I-- it's just that I'm starving, and I feel like I can has... a whole lot of food, but more than anything else, I... I cazn't has a cheezburger. In fact, I... I cheezn't has a cazburger in quite a while, factually.



JAKE: I don't care what you eat.



AMIR: I caz hoping I caz has one. With cheez.







AMIR: It's called the Guide to British Smiles, and it's just famous Englishmen and pictures of their fucked-up teeth. It's like half social commentary, half me just being a little bit of a dickling.



JAKE: No, you're just always being a dickling.



AMIR: [mouthing] Wow. [writing]



JAKE: Still wrote "amber".







[Amir has a cheeseburger.]



AMIR: Oooh, I shouldn't has this! I cazn't has this cheezburger! It'll give me bad cholesterol! I can has bad cholesterol?



JAKE: I think you're has-ing a stroke.







AMIR: This one's half poster, half beverage. Okay? It's called an Arnold Palmer!



JAKE: That's all beverage. It's half iced tea, half lemonade.



AMIR: Just tell me if you like it or not!



JAKE: It's a good idea, but it's not yours.



AMIR: Winning! [gives Jake a thumbs-up]







AMIR: It's a 1988 Lamborghini Countach, parked on a hill during a sunset, cherry red! And guess who gets to drive it!



JAKE: You?



AMIR: Heck no! ...Me in ten years!







AMIR: ...Milk?



JAKE: God-- can I see your notebook?



AMIR: You'll never understand my scatterbrain!



JAKE: [flipping through the pages] Yeah, just page after page of drink ideas.



AMIR: I can has my notebook back now?



JAKE: You think you invented milk?



AMIR: Dad?







AMIR: Alright, just trying to organize my thoughts here. Would you say your top three choices so far have been psychedelic poster, milk, and mirror?



JAKE: No.



AMIR: Okay. That'll suit me well for my first round of funding; the angel round, as it were. By the way, how much could I put you down for? It's a big pie, so feel free to ask for a small little slice.



JAKE: Zero.



AMIR: That fucking hurts to hear.







END													

														INTRO



JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir-- and watch out, dude.



AMIR: Dude, I am watching out, dude!







[Jake and Amir are in a car. Amir is driving. Amir looks over at Jake expectantly.]



JAKE: Look-- [pointing at the road] ...Jesus.



[Amir gestures at somebody outside.]



AMIR: Learn how to drive, shitbird!



JAKE: That guy's walking.



AMIR: Call me a shitbird again. Call it to my face and see what happens.



JAKE: Can you please just focus. Alright? I said I'd give you a driving lesson if you would focus.



AMIR: Yeah? Well learning shit is for aunts and dweebs! And last time I checked...



JAKE: "I'm have a pussy"?



AMIR: [simultaneously] ...I'm have a pussy. Yeah!



JAKE: Yeah, you've said that before.



AMIR: Exactly right. Can we-- ...can we just listen to the radio? Alright? Music helps me drive!



JAKE: Music doesn't help you drive, at all. You hopped the curb back there 'cause you were listening to a Big Sean song.



AMIR: I'm sorry if music distracts me! I think that's pretty normal, actually.



JAKE: Be sorry that you just tried to lie, to get me to turn it back on! Okay? Y-- y--you gotta learn how to drive, if you're living in Los Angeles.



AMIR: [mocking Jake] I-- I--I know how to drive, alright? I'm a regular James Deen.



JAKE: Jesus.



AMIR: What?



JAKE: Jerk.



AMIR: I can't... you know what?... I can't see anything. I think I need my sunglasses.



JAKE: Alright, fine. I'll grab them. Where are they--



AMIR: No, I got 'em, I got 'em, I got 'em.



[Amir leans way back into the backseat to look for his sunglasses. Jake grabs the wheel.]



JAKE: Hey, hey-- hey-- dude! Hey! Idiot!



AMIR: I got 'em, dude! I g--



JAKE: You idiot!



AMIR: Why am I an idiot? Okay? There's a lot of glare. It'll be much safer if I just find my shades!



JAKE: Eyes on the road, buddy.



AMIR: I don't need 'em on the road, buddy! Alright? Relax. I--



[Jake shushes Amir.]



AMIR: [singing] Beware, beware, beware...



JAKE: Find the glasses.



AMIR: [singing] ...of a woman with a broken fart! [farts loudly]



JAKE: Oh! Smelly!



[Amir sits back in his seat, wearing heart-shaped sunglasses.]



AMIR: Got 'em, baby!



JAKE: Jesus Christ.



AMIR: Pussy-whipped much?



JAKE: ...What?



AMIR: I swear, dude. You let women walk all over you. You gotta--



JAKE: I don't-- ...stop it. Okay?



AMIR: Okay...



JAKE: I don't feel like having a conversation right now.



AMIR: Me neither, so we're both... on the same page, as it were. [pronouncing "page" in French]



JAKE: Good, so then we just be quiet, and we don't have to say anything to each other.



AMIR: Fine. [pause] It's funny... this whole thing reminds me of my old man teaching me how to drive. [chuckles] Was sittin' in the same seat you were. If you can belee dat!



JAKE: I can belee dat. Just, please, can we not talk about your family? I--



AMIR: Cursing the only god he knew that he lost that rock-paper-scissors match against my mommy. "Loser has to teach Queen Dweeb to drive!" That's what they said.



JAKE: "Queen Dweeb"?



AMIR: "Queen Dweeb". That was their nickname for me. They used to yell it me, taunt me, throw shit at me like the, uh... what's the inside of a-- of a peach?



JAKE: ...The pit?



AMIR: Yeah. They used to throw knives at me.



JAKE: Why did you ask me about peach pits?



AMIR: Because you gotta cut the peach with something! ...Idiot!



JAKE: Jesus Christ, that is depressing. Just... driving-wise, okay...



AMIR: Yeah?



JAKE: Just remember to use your signals when we're changing lanes.



AMIR: [doing an arm signal] I use arm signals. [sticking his arm in front of Jake] Hi-ya! Less legal, sure--



JAKE: Eyes on the road.



AMIR: --but... way less effective, too.



JAKE: So you said "less" twice, then.



AMIR: Yeah. [chuckles] Oh, God, these driving lessons. Daddy used to sit right there; me, crying in the front seat like a five-year-old. "I don't want to drive today, Papa! I can't reach the pedals!"



JAKE: ...Excuse me?



AMIR: I was four.



JAKE: God, your parents suck, dude.



AMIR: Excuse me! Say that again! Say that again to my face and I will drive this car into a cat, so help me cod, you fishy bitch!



JAKE: Keep your eyes on the road!



AMIR: I can't see shit, dude! These glasses are not prescription!



JAKE: Then take them off!



AMIR: [leaning back into the backseat again] Let me put them back in the case!



JAKE: Hey! Dude!



AMIR: What, dude! Drive, shitbird!



JAKE: Hey! Come on!







END													

														INTRO



AMIR: Hey, you're watching a very green episode of Jake and Amir!



JAKE: Nice one.



AMIR: What?







[Jake and Amir are at their desks. Amir has a pair of shears, and is trimming a large potted plant.]



JAKE: So you're not even pretending that you do work for the company anymore?



AMIR: Work is fun, but I've actually been pretty into hobbies recently, horticulture being the latest. I like... masturbating and shrimp quite a bit.



JAKE: One of those is a hobby. The other is jerking off, and the third is just a sea creature.



AMIR: Masturbating might actually be my favorite. [chuckles]



JAKE: Yeah.



AMIR: Do we have, um... a hose?



JAKE: Why don't you just do your work, for the day?



AMIR: [pointing the shears at Jake] Sorry, can I ask you-- how much a week do you spend on produce?



JAKE: Don't point the s--



AMIR: [waving the shears wildly at Jake as he points] I'm serious. How much a week do you spend on produce?



JAKE: Alright. Doesn't look like you have a good grip on the shears there, so don't-- [Amir drops the shears on his desk] yeah, don't gesticulate with them like that.



AMIR: [picking up the shears, pointing them at Jake again] I really want to know, dude!



JAKE: Ten bucks.



AMIR: Wow! ...Really! That's... that's nothing! ...Where do you shop?



JAKE: How much did you spend on gardening supplies?



[There is a long, awkward silence.]



JAKE: See, at this point, I know whatever you say is a lie--



AMIR: Nine.



JAKE: --'cause you spent--



AMIR: Bucks.



JAKE: --too long.



AMIR: Dude.



[Jake stares incredulously at Amir, who waggles his eyebrows at Jake.]



AMIR: You know what? I'm sorry, but I'm not going to apologize for having a green thumb!



[Amir gives Jake a thumbs-up. His thumb is a sickly green color.]



JAKE: Oh! Too green! That's infected!



AMIR: [emptying a bag of fertilizer onto his desk and laptop] Believe it or not, I'm actually growing the ingredients one would need to make a salad!



JAKE: I don't believe that-- hey, man, that smells awful.



AMIR: It's, uh, basil, ficus... manure...



JAKE: ...Terrible salad.



AMIR: Yeah. A lot of salads actually taste like shit, but I hear they're pretty good for you. Here, look.



[Amir shoves a handful of manure into his mouth.]



JAKE: Ohh, don't! Dude, no!



AMIR: [through a mouthful of manure] This one tastes like horse manure, actually!



JAKE: That actually is horse manure!



AMIR: [with his mouth full] Sure tastes like it! [chuckles]



JAKE: It is it! 



AMIR: [chewing the manure, slightly taken aback] ...What are you talking about, man?



JAKE: Fertilizer, idiot! You're eating fertilizer!



AMIR: [with his mouth full] And?



JAKE: And it's shit! You're eating shit!



AMIR: [yelling, still with his mouth full] So why didn't you say so!



JAKE: [yelling] I did! I am!



AMIR: [yelling through manure] Before I ate it, idiot!



JAKE: [yelling] Why haven't you spit it out yet?



AMIR: [swallowing most of the manure] Because it's good for ya, see?



JAKE: ...Jesus.



AMIR: Now if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna have some shrimp.



[Amir holds up a bowl of shrimp.]



AMIR: [drooling, grabbing a shrimp] And if you need me, I'll be in the men's room!



JAKE: You can't masturbate in the office.



AMIR: Very well, then!







END													

														INTRO



JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!



MURPH: What'd you say about me?



JAKE: Leave me alone, Murphy!







[The CollegeHumor staff are in a meeting room, doing table reads. Paul Briganti is leading the meeting.]



PAUL: Okay, guys. Table read time. As always, let's get Amir's out of the way first.



AMIR: Mmm. Saving the best for first, I take it.



PAUL: Uh, okay. Amir, do you want to cast this, please?



AMIR: [to Jake] Jake, you'll be Darryl McMillionaire, smooth-talking Wall Street agent with a heart of cold. The only thing he cares about more than money... is cash. [to Emily] And Sophie, my beautiful little peach, you shall be playing Moira Cunt, a woman so hot, she doesn't have to be smart. And news flash: ...she ain't!



EMILY: I'm Emily.



AMIR: You're Moira. From this moment on, I don't want you to break character until you die. You got that, "Emily"?



EMILY: [as Moira Cunt] Call me Moira!



AMIR: Who?



PAUL: Okay, let's get started. I'll read scene direction.



AMIR: Great.



PAUL: "Interior: Cash. Day. This motherfucker only cares about money. Darryl enters."



JAKE: "Oh, hello. Didn't see you there. You know why? I only care about one thing: pussy, money, and cash. And I'm almost out of cash."



MURPH: [laughing] That's good writing.



PAUL: Uh, "Moira enters."



EMILY: "The name's Moira. Moira Slut."



AMIR: Okay, let me stop you right there. Uh, for anybody who's a little bit too thickheaded to get what's going on, Moira Cunt, at this moment in the script, is trying to... mask her true identity.



EMILY: "I say 'Moira Slut' because I'm masking my true identity."



MURPH: Very good writing.



JAKE: "Moira Slut, why don't you get on your knees and kiss my knees? Kiss my tiny little knees."



[Murph glares at Jake.]



JAKE: [to Amir] Is this sexy to you?



EMILY: "I won't do it."



JAKE: "Not even if I give you cash?"



[Amir rubs his fingers together.]



PAUL: "Darryl holds up a laminated binder filled with every kind of bill. Twenties, fifties, even sixties and seventies. It's all good because it's all green. It's that guap shit that makes rappers' hoes go 'da-na-na, na-na-na, na'. I'd punch my mother in the gut for twenty dollars."



[As the scene direction is read, Jake and Murph have a silent argument. Murph stares incredulously at Jake. Jake gestures at Amir and mouths "He wrote it!" Murph gestures at Emily as if to accuse Jake. Jake mimes typing on a keyboard, gestures at Amir again, and mouths "It didn't happen. He wrote it."]



AMIR: Okay guys, try not to lose your cum, uh, when you read what happens next. I know scripts don't usually get this salacious, but this is the hottest sex scene I've ever written.



MURPH: [yelling] Sex scene! Jake!



JAKE: It's clearly not a sex scene! We're not having sex!



PAUL: "Darryl and Moira Clock start going to town. They're going all the way. A salad bowl is on Darryl's head like a party hat. Moira wears an ape mask and nothing else, except a shirt and pants and grandma underwear."



[Jake and Murph continue arguing silently. Murph takes off his glasses. Jake mouths "Put your glasses on." Murph mouths "No. No."]



AMIR: Okay, that's very hot. I might lose a little cum myself!



MURPH: It's a little too hot, don't you think, Jake?



AMIR: Who am I to deny this on-screen chemistry?



MURPH: [yelling] Off-screen chemistry!



JAKE: [yelling] On-screen! He said "on-screen", and I didn't do anything!



PAUL: "Moira Fudge can't take it anymore. She organisms."



EMILY: "Aaaaaah! Eee! Eee! Eee!" [rhythmically, as Amir conducts with his hands] "Ay, chi, pa-pi, oh, me, li-key, you, long, time! Aaaah!"



JAKE: "I can't believe my eyes are rolling back in my head. I'm ecstatic to feel this. This is sex, and I am cash."



MURPH: [yelling] That's it!



[Murph tears off his clothes to reveal a shark-themed singlet.]



JAKE: Ohh! No, dude! No! Come on, dude.



[Emily hands Murph a mouth guard.]



JAKE: [defending himself with a chair] Look, get away from me, Murphy! Alright? I'll sue you, dude!



[Murph pins Jake against the wall and tries to lift him up. Emily licks her fingers and slips her hand under the table. Murph has Jake on the floor, face-down, grabbing him by the legs.]



JAKE: Oh God, my knees! My tiny knees!



[Murph screams furiously.]







END													

														INTRO



[A piece of paper reads "COLLEGEHUMOR'S ALL-NIGHTer 2014"; "TEN VIDEOS. ONE NIGHT!"]



ALL: CollegeHumor's All-Nighter!







[Jake, Pat, Elaine, and Vincent are playing Nerf basketball in the office. They are all yelling and having fun (the dialogue is indistinct). Vincent takes a shot at the net, but Amir appears and grabs the ball out of the air.]



AMIR: Ohh!



[Everybody stops.]



AMIR: Air Jordan, fuckers!



JAKE: You're not playing.



AMIR: I got winner.



JAKE: We're not keeping score.



AMIR: Y'all are a bunch of Lisa Leslies... and I'm Rebecca Lobo!



VINCENT: More like Rebecca Hobo!



[Amir throws the Nerf ball forcefully at Vincent's windpipe.]



VINCENT: [struggling to breathe] You killed me!



[Vincent falls to the floor.]



AMIR: Who else has anything to say about my personal appearance, or my persona? In fact... who here thinks I'm a persona non grata?



PAT: What does that mean?



[Amir throws another ball, which hits Pat in the forehead.]



PAT: ...I'm dead...



[Pat falls to the floor as well.]



AMIR: [procuring another ball] Looks like y'all need one more.



JAKE: Two more.



AMIR: [tossing the ball to Jake] Take it out. I'll go Jew on one.



ELAINE: Technically, it would be two on Jew.



[Amir lunges at Elaine, and Jake holds him back.]



JAKE: No. No, no. Dude.



AMIR: Let me bite her! Let me bite her!



JAKE: [shoving Amir back] Stop, dude! Stop it!



AMIR: It's clear to me what's going on. I can take a hint. Y'all don't want me here. Right?



JAKE: It's not a hint-- right! Of course not! We hate you. Leave!



AMIR: Play me for it.



JAKE: Excuse me?



AMIR: The court. Play me for it. One take. One ball. One play. Winner take all. You make it, you take it. Playground rules.



[Amir takes off his shirt. His abdomen is censored for some reason.]



JAKE: Jesus Christ.



[Vincent gets back up.]



VINCENT: You know, the swelling on my larynx is actually subsiding--



[Amir throws another ball at Vincent's throat.]



VINCENT: Not again!



[Vincent falls back to the floor.]



AMIR: [tossing yet another ball to Elaine] Come at me.



[Amir runs and punches Elaine in the face.]



AMIR: Ohhh!



ELAINE: My schnoz!



[Amir headbutts one of Jake's teeth in, and takes a shot at the net.]



AMIR: Boom, baby!



[The shot misses.]



AMIR: Wooooo!



JAKE: You missed it!



AMIR: Doesn't matter! I win!



JAKE: No you don't!



AMIR: Playground rules!



JAKE: You broke my tooth! You didn't score!



[Pat gets up.]



PAT: He has a point, Jake.



JAKE: What are you talking about? No he doesn't! Redemption shot, from way downtown!



[Jake successfully makes a shot.]



AMIR: Nah. DQ. I don't think so. Flagrant.



VINCENT: [getting up] Poor form, Jake.



JAKE: Vinny, he almost killed you!



VINCENT: It was well within the confines of the game!



JAKE: No it wasn't!



AMIR: Go home, Jake.



PAT: Yeah. Go home, Jake.



JAKE: Excuse me.



VINCENT: Yeah. Go home, Jake.



AMIR: Go home, Jake.



[Pat, Amir, Vincent, and Elaine all chant in unison.]



ALL: Go home Jake! Go home Jake! Go home Jake!



JAKE: What are you doing?



[Ben Schwartz appears, and joins in.]



JAKE: Whoa, wait, this--



[Jake begins backing toward the door. Boom mics are visible.]



ALL: Go home Jake! Go home Jake! Go home Jake!



JAKE: Relax... okay. Let me leave!



ALL: Go home Jake! Go home Jake! Go home Jake! Go home Jake!



JAKE: C'mon. Hey-- you're breaking the fourth wall! Sam's not gonna like this! Let me leave! Sam's not gonna like this!







[Jake is in Sam's office, showing him the video up until that point. Chanting can still be heard from the screen.]



SAM: I don't like this. Go home, Jake.



JAKE: Wait, what?







END													

														INTRO



JAKE: Hey, you're watching a pimp and Amir!



AMIR: Nice!



JAKE: I'm a pimp!



AMIR: I know.



JAKE: I am!







[Jake and Amir are at their desks. Jake is on his phone. Amir is playing with some wind-up chattering teeth. Jake abruptly bursts into song, which startles Amir.]



JAKE: [singing] I'm swiping right! I matched on Tinder...! She is sixteen.



AMIR: Sixteen?



JAKE: Nineteen. Easy does it. Nineteen. What did I sing?



AMIR: Sixteen.



JAKE: Pervert! That's illegal.



AMIR: Yeah!



JAKE: Yeah.



AMIR: ...Yes.



JAKE: Okay.



AMIR: Okay.



JAKE: Alright.



AMIR: Good.



JAKE: So we're clear, she's sixteen-- nineteen! Now you got me sayin' it! [laughs]



AMIR: You said it first!



JAKE: Anyway, this is a snatch made in Heaven! Alright? Nineteen. Her name is Lod. [pronounced "load"]



AMIR: Lord?



JAKE: Lod. L-O-D. As in she has double-D's. It's French or some shit, and I'm going to french... [miming licking breasts] ...her tits!



AMIR: I wonder if I should get Tinder!



JAKE: I'm gonna stop you right there. I wouldn't do that, just 'cause you're what my Tinder coach would call an app-killer. You're someone who doesn't just get left-swiped; you actually inspire people to delete the app. [laughing] You're ugly.



AMIR: Mean!



JAKE: Sometimes the truth hurts. You've got to embrace it. I was an app-killer myself before I met Chet, but it only cost me fifty bucks per match to become Mr. Right-Swiped!



AMIR: Loser! You have a Tinder coach?



JAKE: Goddamn right I do.



AMIR: How many matches have you gotten?



JAKE: [holding up one finger] Just the one. Just the one so far, but I've only been right-swiping for a year.



[Amir makes an incredulous face. Jake mocks him defensively.]



AMIR: Long time.



JAKE: The trick? Shirtless pics! That's right, a topless pic for this thick dick makes the chicks--



[Jake gags.]



AMIR: Oh.



[Jake gags again.]



AMIR: Oh!



[Jake gags a third time.]



AMIR: Why?



[Jake vomits onto his desk. Amir watches in astonishment. Jake spits out the last of the vomit and continues.]



JAKE: ...sick!



AMIR: Holy shit. How?



JAKE: [clearing his throat] I fingered a cat, dude! At a shelter!



AMIR: Inhumane!



JAKE: [wiping his mouth] I guess I'm just excited about my date with Lod tonight.



AMIR: That's not a good reason!



JAKE: With Lod.



AMIR: Where are you taking her?



JAKE: Get this, dude: I'm gonna meet her online. She's got a cam, and I am her man! Me and a couple other choice bachelorinos are going to, uh... [makes a masturbating gesture] ...kinda jack it, while she [singing] talks dirty to me! [dancing, trying to sing the sax line of "Talk Dirty" by Jason Derulo] Da-na-na, da, da-na-na-na-naaa, na-na-na, na, naaa-na-na!



AMIR: ...She's a bot.



JAKE: What the fuck did you just say?



AMIR: ...I mean, it's clear to me--



JAKE: Whoa, buddy! What the fuck did you just say about my girlfriend?



AMIR: These photos are of--



JAKE I'm gonna tell you one thing right now, before you say what I think you're about to say. This "bot", as you're gonna callously call her? She might be my future wife, and the mother to my future children! So please, I beg of you, actually I demand of you, to proceed with reverence.



AMIR: All--



JAKE: Tread lightly. Fucker.



AMIR: All these photos are of different strippers.



JAKE: Meaning?



AMIR: Meaning, this one's blonde. This one's a redhead. This one's Asian!



JAKE: Yeah! Lod keeps you guessing, man. That's why I dig her. Plus we really connected over chat! Things got real!



AMIR: Yeah, she wrote "Hey, cutie. Want to see me tonight? Go to livecamgirlwhores.co.nz and enter your billing info."



JAKE: Yes! I kind of like when girls ask for what they want. I think that's sexy. Maybe you disagree.



AMIR: You responded "I don't have a credit card. Can I PayPal or Venmo you? I think this could be the real deal, and I'd hate to lose you over a technicality, Lod."



JAKE: Sorry for me telling her what I want too!



AMIR: She responds "Sorry, cutie. No cash. Need billing info."



JAKE: Fair.



AMIR: You write "Shit, shit, shit. Okay, calling my dad. Do not hang up, please."



JAKE: I was worried about losing her.



AMIR: She writes "Don't worry, cutie. This is a text conversation. There is no hanging up."



JAKE: She's there for me when I'm feeling weak.



AMIR: Alright...



JAKE: By the way, I resent the implication that I'm not good at texting. I'm a Casanova in that regard.



AMIR: Yeah, you finally respond "My dad yelled at me, but I cried, cried, cried, and my mommy was able to make things right by snagging a pic of Dad's CC."



JAKE: There we go. Everything's right in the world.



AMIR: "Sending you some major coin as we squeak."



JAKE: She deserved it.



AMIR: She says nothing!



JAKE: Didn't have to.



AMIR: You write again "I love you."



JAKE: 'Cause I do.



AMIR: She said nothing.



JAKE: Didn't have to.



AMIR: You write "I love you so much, Lod."



JAKE: I do. I love her so much.



AMIR: She says nothing.



JAKE: Didn't have to.



AMIR: Okay, 'cause then you said "I'll see you tonight on the cam. I love you so much, Lod."



JAKE: What don't you understand, dude? She's playing hard to wet!



AMIR: She just wrote back "Can't do tonight, cutie."



JAKE: What?



AMIR: "I withdrew a thousand dollars from the account as a holding fee for next week."



JAKE: No...



AMIR: Yeah.



JAKE: No!



AMIR: Yes.



JAKE: Lod!



AMIR: What?



JAKE: Why, Lod?







END													

														INTRO



JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!



AMIR: "Top Five Reasons--"



JAKE: Don't have time for that.



AMIR: Okay.







[Jake and Amir are at their desks.]



AMIR: [gesturing at his computer, laughing uproariously] Yeah! Oh my God, I'm dying! ...Sharing that!



JAKE: You know, just--



AMIR: Sharing that!



JAKE: Can you stop taking the online personality quizzes?



AMIR: [suddenly furious] I got Helvetica! What font are you, you dingbat?



JAKE: Don't talk to me like that. Alright? You change moods so quickly, it's obviously a problem. Right? A version of psychosis, I think.



AMIR: [laughing again] Here! Here, I'm gonna post it to my news feed!



JAKE: Perfect example.



AMIR: That way, you can click on the link and take the quiz yourself!



JAKE: Alright, do me a favor: don't say "here". Don't say "here" like you're doing me a favor. You post literally all of them to your news feed.



AMIR: [making a goofy face] I can't help it if they're viral!



JAKE: Get a different face.



AMIR: ...Ouch.



JAKE: That's one thing you can help, by the way: if they're viral. You don't have to share them. [reading off his laptop] "I got Spiro Agnew! Which Vice President are you?"



AMIR: [in falsetto] Yeah!



JAKE: "I got the nine of spades! Which card are you?"



AMIR: [in falsetto] Yeah!



JAKE: "I got a matzoh ball! What ethnic food are you?"



AMIR: [in falsetto] Yeah!



JAKE: These are all so dumb; the last one's straight-up racist.



AMIR: Actually working on a quiz of my own at the moment, if you're down to give it a shot. [chuckles] Would love some feedback. "What bean are you?"



JAKE: ..."What bean are you?"



AMIR: Good question! ...Leema!



JAKE: I was repeating the title in disbelief-- it's "lima", by the way. You're mispronouncing the bean you think you are. What possible questions could even exist on that quiz?



AMIR: Question the first...



JAKE: Never mind. Forget I asked.



AMIR: "When you walk into a club, a techno, trip-hop, euro-synth style pub, are you A: Down to clown like a kidney bean, all high and mighty."



JAKE: Weird.



AMIR: "B: Black bean style, muy caliente from head to toe. You're sexy and I know it."



JAKE: Racist.



AMIR: "C: Chickpea, or D: Leema."



JAKE: "Lima"!



AMIR: Question the... [holds up two fingers, struggles to finish his sentence] ...two...



JAKE: Second! Oh, God, I'm sad for you.



AMIR: [wiggling his finger at Jake between the fingers of his other hand] "Which nineties fem teen trend would you most align yourself with, bean-wise?"



JAKE: You know, you haven't responded to a work email in a year. Do you mind if I bring that up?



AMIR: "A: Kidney bean slap bracelets."



JAKE: Yup, just found the date of the last email you sent. May 2013. About a memorial service for Kunal Shah, that programmer who died? You wrote, "LOL! Not going to this. Who wants to join me for all you can wings and beer at anywhere-but-there bar."



AMIR: "B: Black bean style locker photos of Jonathan Brandis."



[Jake puts on headphones.]



AMIR: [yelling to be heard] "C: Chickpea-Chee folders, or D: Jared Leto AKA Jordan Catalano AKA leema beans--" what song are you listening to that's more important than this quiz?



JAKE: [taking the headphones off] I'm on Spotify. I could listen to almost any song and they'd all be more important. Why take these moronic quizzes? Why broadcast the results?



AMIR: [yelling] It's gonna sound stupid, but they help me project a self-image I didn't even know that I had! ...In this increasingly anonymous world of modern technology, these "quizzes" give us the only thing that any of us truly wants, which is... an identity. [getting quieter] ...Regardless of how... sophomoric it sounds on the surface, I truly believe that the hardest thing for any one person to know is themselves.



JAKE: [quietly] ...Okay.



AMIR: Oh! [laughing again] I got "soft-serve"! "What kind of doo-doo are you? Shit-wise!"







END													
