what's going on?
hi.
nice to meet you.
uh, what do you think...


is jake showing you around, or...
it's a nice place.
but thenbut then how do you define doggy style? like, when a girl's just totally flat on her stomach, is that still doggy style? 
legs together.
, man.
fuck.
cool, caveman frat party. uh, honestly, right off the bat, i like it, it's good.
uh... ok.
bottom of page one, the main character sees a mcdonald's burning down in the distance and he starts to cry, and i don't get that, so i was wondering what's-
cuttable, so yeah, i'll- i'll cut that, then.
yeah, it happens on every page, so i'll just-
oh, yeah, you numbered the pages wrong, which is borderline impressive 'cause it's automated software.
so, this section  i felt the dialogue could be almost half the length because you can get what you're trying to say just quicker, snappier.
oh, here's a thing. uh, audience lolz go here. guys, let's not tell the audience when to laugh, let's just write funny stuff and trust it.
page 19.
alright, cool, come on.
scene directions. so here it says this shit is crazy insane.
right.
yeah, i see that you wrote that, but what does that mean? that doesn't even...
right, and jake, that's the thing to generally not do.
jake, jake, jake, jake. all the character names are jake.
you can't name the characters jake-
because people need to know-
i don't know if i want to do this anymore.
as a job.
will ferrell, i doubt-
is not gonna be in it because he's will ferrell.
you just said you're gonna shoot yourself.
so a couple more things.
i'm trying to give you constructive criticism.
cool, so you know what? we got a good first line, we got a good last line, i'll just take it from there.
no.
 no, don't worry guys.
you know what, no, because you know what, you don't even deserve an excuse, i'm just gonna write it, 'cause it's really bad!
okay, they are really fucking weird right? 
a couple hours before.
 ha, he called the weed 'drugs'.
we're all going to die!
uh, dan.
uh, its kind of like, all our characters, its just like us, but more exaggerated, sort of dumber, more self-centered versions of ourselves. 
oh. uh, thats--
alright, so how do we get the interns in there without them knowing it's a party.
uhm, dan, i've worked here almost three years dude.
you can't fuck them!
 you can't butt fuck them!
okay yeah you shouldn't freestyle at the party, that was really bad.
i'm gonna go trick-or-treating early this year.
like, two weeks.
i'm just gonna show up with a gun and blackface.
yeah.
you guys noticed he's weirder
i have a dollar. so let's just not do this anymore.
of course.
umm...  i'm jake. 
that's very logical.  but have you considered this, a wizard changed my face? 
hey, it's jordan... yeah... yeah, call me back. 
i... uhh...  if you mess up just tell him that best friends have to trust each other, now more than ever. 
best friends have to trust each other, now more than ever. 
okay, i'm leaving. 
