you think that was french?
actually i actually ended up being down 25 cents because it's an arcade and you only get tickets, but i got a shit load of ticke
no no no no no. we weren't talking about vegas stories, right? we're talking about, um, dares that amir could do.
do you know who amanda is?
k, well she works here, she sits over there and we were thinking that it might be really cool, fun, if you just walked over and kissed her on the lips
we never said we were going to pay you anything. and, you really hurt amanda.
a lot of pain? she can't feel her legs, that's the opposite of pain, right bro? 
okay look. new dare, alright. i dare you to not tell anyone anything about the last dare and it was all your idea.
no one will believe that.
...what?
 how was your aunt's funeral?
not much man, i'm at work.
...we were.
 wow, a plane ticket.
i'm not going anywhere. 
jesus christ, this is a first-class ticket.
you shouldn't have, and not in the polite way.
 four meals?!
wow, yeah; you have me flying through singapore.
aren't you in queens? 'cause i could take the subway.
they don't have in-flight anything.
how did you think i was going to get to the airport? 
we can definitely get off the phone; you don't have to worry about calling me back.
 dude, you have to hang up. you have to hang up; press the x.
hey. how was mexico?
okay.
nothing.
a lot of work. you didn't email and tell anybody that you were leaving.
i don't know. what'd you do down there?
wow, is that were you got that terrible sunburn?
it looks like it really hurts.
so you picked up a little bit of an accent then.
little bit of an italian accent and no spanish-
you were gone longer than eight days.
that's not possible.
you probably missed some moons.
right.
okay then no!
so it's in your butt right now.
is that why you're so unbelievably calm?
and you won't sit down? 
because you have a souvenir inside your anus.
what'd you get me?
okay, let's get you to a doctor.
try one without cursing.
you just asked me like 5 different ways, one of which was a terrible yoda impression.
 that's not an accomplishment - don't write it in that book!
 let me see your entry for today.
nice throw.
 jake complimented my yoda impression and then gave me a sip of his soda.
you know you have the date wrong, right?
 june 43rd, 1.
 why do you even keep a diary?
 there's free sodas, okay? there are free sodas, in the kitchen, 20 feet away.
move there? walk there.
heliport's not a thing.
 teleport is the word you were looking for.
 i'm busy, okay? doing actual work. so can you stop bothering me?
 come on! what are you doing? what is that, a straw?
no. don't write that down. 
 no more rap intros.
that's really offensive.
okay, well i'm still pretty pissed at you about last night.
you were entirely gone, okay? you showed up three hours late and you were begging to the point of tears to change the locashe.
it wasn't funny. you openly wept for a venue change for my friend's birthday party at her apartment to a quote college dive around the corner from this shithole.
 right, no, no, no, i get that, but the party had a fine energy, right? they were lighting the birthday candles and then you blew them all out and you said happy birthday to pee! and then you whipped out your penis and tried to urinate on the cake - but couldn't -
okay, i'm not upset that you couldn't pee, i'm upset that you tried. then you ran outside and a few of us followed you because you yelled i'm gonna go outside and legit hurt myself to teach you all a fucking lesson.
not right now, okay? once we were outside you asked my friend if she dared you to headbutt the windshield of a car until it broke. when she said no, you took off in a dead sprint and said you owe me five bucks, you sasquatch! and then you lowered your head and ran full speed into the bumper of a truck.
we heard a deafening crack - like a log being broken over a rock - and you fell completely motionless to the ground. we thought you had broke your neck.
...your legs didn't work anymore after that, so you started scooting down the street on your butt, screaming i'm lieutenant dan! see if you can keep up with me, ya gumps!, but you were moving like, 2 inches every minute.
yes, okay?! is this the first time you're getting a little embarrassed?
okay, i'm gonna keep on going...okay, you whipped out your penis one more time; you said, follow my trail of pee to victory, but once again, you could not produce any urine - 
 the main vein. no, i remember that. do you remember the skateboarder that rode by? he saw your penis and laughed at you?
you started crying? you said, let's see your guido dick! i have a big penis and you have a string beanis!
you asked me why i was mad.
 you just said it was a slumpbuster festival, now they're out of your league?
just stop for one second and listen to me.
...nothing.
hey! you're watching ja- can you stop taking pictures of my jeans?
what's up? it's jake and amir! a: ooh, what's up, you're a real rap star. j: shut up.
c'mon baby, c'mon fever mode. oh! fever mode! yes. let me show this game my "oh!" face. oh, oh,-... agh! damnit.
trying to play tiny wings man! what're you doing, trying to ruin my life. wait, scratch that, succeeding in ruining. my. life.
really? they couldn't jus' figure out i had better things to poo!?
oh! plugs nose
i'm fine.
dead arm! charlie horse! slap to the face. hits amir in the arm, leg and slaps him
sorry to beat you, just that i've been on a beating kick lately. i, uh, beat the game! chuckles
i still basically beat the game! you ass! yeah, i have one objective left, i just can't get 200 coins.
have you also done cindy crawford, while you're still lying about shit? a: cindy crawford?
hottest model around. cindy.com/photo-gallery? yeah! yummy yummy, on my thumby! ms. crawford, have a seat! uh-oh! i've got a cindy popsicle now! licks
prince.
good height! start out high on the first jump.
i do that all the time, man. why don't you get a cloud touch? simple, bitch.
i call it a cloud much! because, i do it, muchly. high jump! except you don't get extra points for jumping high, do you?
not coins, though! we're looking for coins, aren't we bud! you really are a simple, simple...
bitch! jake takes the phone and finishes the game
lemme play! haha! 213 coins! i got 213!
and i got the last 12, okay? i took it home! .. i'm a golden god, and you're a troll named rod.
sorry, rod, but it's true!
unfortunately, you are a troll named rod, and that is your name. and i'd know that because i got 213 coins on my first try, didn't i rod?
you mean jake and rod?
it's true, i can, not rod.
yeah, shut up, rod!
yeah, rod, who even invited you in here to talk?
get out of here, rod!
i don't even know! his name's rod!
he follows me around!
so am i, sir!													
