alright, alright, thanks for coming in everybody. now obviously we don't have these all-hands meetings very often,  but this is pretty important. as a lot of you guys can remember, about a year and a half ago, one of our developers kunal shaw, was killed in a bus accident. now i know a lot of you have guys have gone to grief-therapy and i honestly just wanted to open up the dialogue, amir can you get up?
amir, can you get up?
would you please show some respect?
you don't earn my respect, you're acting like a child
i'm not going to walk the planck
i'm not!
okay, i'm just going to power it throught here, the reason why i invited kunal's family here.. *amir, would you sit down?
i never said anything about plancking, i'm asking you to sit down!
what a mean reference to use!
so, there's something really important we need to talk about now. there is... a disgusting smell coming from that side of the office, and we're starting to get bugs; we're starting to get rats...
...the facility says they're gonna start charging us extra... i know a lot of people eat over there. we've got all kinds of people eating food over there, and it's-- it's really, really foul, and...
...clearly, something's gotta be done about this. so... i-- you know, i just want to make sure... everybody's using good hygiene; 
is everybody showering every day? is everybody brushing their teeth? is everybody... occasionally wearing deodorant, maybe?
...um, so it's really not clear to me why we can't act like adults, because... this is a professional place of business, we have a lot of visitors who come in...
...and, a lot of them are repelled--
uh, jake. could you put that phone away, please? thank you.
we actually had... an ad sales client in here last week...
...who was saying that they would love to spend four million dollars with us, but they couldn't, because... they were actually vomiting in the bathroom because the smell was so bad.
so, we're really trying to figure out... how we can make this better...
...or... if there's... some other problem that we need to address, but, clearly this is something that can't continue--
jake. i'm not going to ask you again.
thank you. ...so as i was saying...
...um, i want whoever it is to, kind of, look himself or herself in the eye, make sure that... you're really thinking about your co-workers.
because...it's very selfish. it's very unfair, to... create this kind of work environment.
i mean, the smell is so bad, it's-- it's just... unconsciona--
jake... leave.
oh, and jake?
thanks.
bein' a bitch. jake's a bitch!
amir! amir amir amir. what are you doing?! this is work! you're fired.
dammit he's right! carry on gentleman.
hey everybody, thanks for coming today. uh, the reason i wanted to have this all-hands meeting is because that there are a lot of new faces at the company, and i thought this would be a good chance to get to know each other. so why don't we go around the room, everybody say your name, what you do, and maaaybe a fun fact about yourself. i'll start. i'm paul, i'm the ceo, and my favorite movie is con air.
anyway, julie do you want to go?
well i don't know who you know in the da's office, but the city's not going to press charges.
however, i am going to fire you.
re-hired!
what are you gonna do. hey amir,  how'd you know she wasn't prgenant?
i think you guys now why i'm here. i heard you got 200 coins in tiny wings.
quiet, rod.
shut the fuck up, rod!
jesus, rod, just keep your mouth shut for once.
who is this rod guy?
did you bring rod in here?
i'm too busy for rod's bullshit.
enough. enough, enough! leave this office!
enough. enough, enough! leave this office!
yes, yes, yes--
d'ohhh... dammit!
well it is now! you just made me lose my tiny wings!
i saw you entering and it broke my concentration.
what is it.
blt?
on raw, uncooked whole wheat dough?
perfect. give it here, give it here, give it here!
ahhh, yes! excellent, excellent!  oh, and will?
look, i know it's not your place...
...will you help me pick a password for my email?
excellent. okay... start brainstorming. no bad ideas.
leave.
will, get out!
this experiment is more than over.
enough. enough, enough! stop talking, stop talking!
 alright. alright. have a seat.
i can't tell you how many assistants i've lost to this password juncture. you're the only one with the capacity for such tenacity and audacity. but more than anything, i admire your veracity.
no.  did you think it would be that easy?
will... how can i put this so your monkey brain can understand it? i need a password that you're gonna forget when you walk out of this office!
well-- say i use veracity8, and then i write a scathing email to my wife about what a baboon my assistant is. do you think i want you to be able to read that? do you think i want you to know how big of a chimp you are?
no wonder you chose banana13! it's your favorite food and your iq!
come up with something that you'll forget.
...well, i can't remember that, you big ape.
...actually, that's perfect!
finally. now i can eat my lunch in peace.
...is this a clementine?
is this a fucking clementine?
okay, guys. table read time. as always, let's get amir's out of the way first.
uh, okay. amir, do you want to cast this, please?
okay, let's get started. i'll read scene direction.
"interior: cash. day. this motherfucker only cares about money. darryl enters."
uh, "moira enters."
"darryl holds up a laminated binder filled with every kind of bill. twenties, fifties, even sixties and seventies. it's all good because it's all green. it's that guap shit that makes rappers' hoes go 'da-na-na, na-na-na, na'. i'd punch my mother in the gut for twenty dollars."
"darryl and moira clock start going to town. they're going all the way. a salad bowl is on darryl's head like a party hat. moira wears an ape mask and nothing else, except a shirt and pants and grandma underwear."
"moira fudge can't take it anymore. she organisms."
yeah.
new york versus la.
 i'm gonna...
those are all just different words for the same thing.
oh, no. my cousin just sent me a text that made me smile. it wasn't you.
that's fred.
hey, man. maybe you could apologize to rachel. 'cause--
...yes.
no, we're good.
