alright, so tell me what happened.
amir!
i want you to go camping with jake in the ice cream forest.
 hey, buddy. only 100 likes on your last article, you're slipping there.
we were, uh, talking about his last article. did you read it? it's pretty good.
amir!
amir, just chill out.
 amir. amir, get up. get up, you're embarrassing yourself. amir, i have glass walls, people can see exactly what's happening in here.
get up!
 one more chance, sure, just get up.
 whatever, two chances, just get up! just get up!
are we cool?  ahh!
its exciting! were doing a lot of promos, trying to get people to watch. 
no. 
no. put down my iphone. 
seriously. 
its like every time that i think hes going to change, every time i think its going to be different-its not! 
choose: me or sweeter
guys! i didn't invite you in here to argue. 
uh, anyway, have you guys heard of this show, two months two million? 
it's a show about these four online poker players in vegas and they have two months to get to two million dollars in earnings.
yeah, well uh, they're doing a sponsorship of the site and if you want i can fly you guys out there to interview them? 
yup. you guys are both going. already bought your tickets assuming you would say yes. you leave tonight. 
this morning.  the doctor said i probably shouldn't even come in. 
workaholic. 
it's like i work a lot. 
so motorola is flying amir to the big football game in miami, and i told him he could bring somebody; he chose you. 
i totally understand. amir, choose somebody else. 
jake, if amir wants to take you to miami, you'll go--
ow! oh my god! i just had surgery on this shoulder this morning!
just get the hell out of my office. 
yeah. 
so i think we all know why i've called this meeting.
uh, ibiza.
but accessible via email.
anyway, the rumours are true, one rather unlucky writer is going to move to los angeles to our west coast office.
okay. now there's no smart way to choose who goes-
obviously, the tension will mount as the hat gets passed along and the twisted game of russian roulette plays out...
i don't know, when do you guys think?
