hurwitz: oh, that is-- 
to be continued 
what?
day-u-k-e?
movies.
one of which is to call ricky and get you fired
why and how?
red and twelve.
you still owe me for the last aj, by the way
i ask a question, you ask a question, we can trade off.
short for friendship kiss, which is what the eskimos do all the time. to jake's shoulder bonjour!
 hey mom, tell me more about dad.
you're allowed to stay here--
you call her back right now and tell her to go f**k herself--?
evidently, i know next to nothing about poker so i may have missed out on some lingo. i also am not completely familiar with all the guys' voices so some names may not be right when someone's talking off-screen. there were a ton of inaudible things i just couldn't put together so if y'all could help, that would be awesome comploodle. be as nitpicky as possible. :p oh, and a huge congratulations to the cumulative and collaborative effort of this subreddit to have now officially transcribed every single jake and amir video ever. oh sheesh y'all.
you're listening?
...hey, feel better, good luck tonight..
yeah she's in a lot of pain, okay? i feel really bad.
that was...9 minutes long.
are you crying?
amir said that if we recorded some tracks for him, he'd put me in touch with his cousin, leron, who owns a record label, right?
it's a ukelele.
chapel hill.
seniors. 
how the f**k did this happen?
i like the
 you little cocksucker
you little prick, i'm a break your neck
you're about to die
excuse
listen you little bleep
clock-a-doodle-doooo.  swing and a miss from blumenfeld. ha. get off the stage butt-head. nah, that was a good idea. 
nobody here likes you. we hate you! you groped amanda. you ripped my shirt. i don't know why or how you still have a job, but please just be quiet and leave us alone. please.
yezz
i don't want one.
you could not be trusted in that other room.
laura. l is for your long hair- 
i'm a prick about food.
if somebody offers you chocolate, do you take it?
playing dvds.
come on, douches. help out the cause. and it's a photo shopped picture of you shitting on bill cosby.
my name is penis anthony doubineux.
pretty funny right? it's like his last name but shorter.
...was next door neighbors with amir while growing up. 
i finally made it. not for twenty minutes ago i have officially auditioned for a broadway musical.
we won't know for a couple of weeks, but they flat out told me, in the room: nooo!
to tell amir that i made it.
cats!
i'll shred the entire thing and as a favor to you, i will never bring it up again.
if you're really choking, spin around in your chair.
sir, forgive me for getting ice cream, i value this job.
q3 in the books -- hit our numbers, thanks in no small part to chelsea, who gave that fiery passionate speech at the investors meeting -- really lit a fire under everybody's butt, so a round of applause for chelsea. thank you.
he's concussed.
your birth, your bar mitzvah, your quinceaera. 
it's cute.  i can pee in it.
the night diary of amir valerie blumenfeld, a jake hurwitz production.
 jesus, jake, why are you insecure?
yep!  chicken fried nuggets!
medium rare.
and a martini.
i just took your order less than thirty seconds ago, so it's gonna be about fifteen minutes.
oh, actually i can't, i'm not allowed to-
i'm not allowed to, nor would i want to.
excuse me. 
oh, happy birthday! 
uh, usually for parties.
okay, i guess we could. just give me a second.
 yeah, don't call me that!
ready? okay!
i'm good.
 can i get you something?
the worst part of giving blood is the feeling of giving} oh yeah!
i'm not good} talk to the shirt!
six months later, i would check the news, and that house would - boom  - collapse. two dead, three dead, four at a time, just gone.
tank top triplets!
i'll pay you a thousand dollars to get out.
usa! usa! usa!
i'm out of the game, okay? trust me.
by jacob-
is he dead yet, or is it not that kind of intervention


i rsvp'd to this intervention one year ago today, on e-vite
you can't call me that any more, a-weird. 
yes! because of three seconds ago i have litterally changed my name yet again to penis dickling, the goose! 
grrr, curse you!
never matter, we're not here to discuss myself, or the millions of films i've now been cast in. we're here to talk about a-weird and his father, and his father's tiny, spindly, sticky little legs.
oh you haven't heard? i am now officially, and universally, a famous actress
i didn't. i've been casted as the fem fatal in the brilliant film a bridge over river queer. yes, you heard that. how do you like that range, even thomas hanks hasn't played a woman, and he's a mtv award nominee!
no, i'm not. tell me, do you have a cd-rom drive?
what?
meaning?
then what the hell is this? 
okay, and these?
well then wheres you're cd-rom drive?
how many gigabytes does you're company own?
you're not a tycoon, you're whole job is a lie!
 give me your cd-rom drive!
what is that?
meaning?
level with me, this has an mpeg 4 on it, can you play it?
it's brilliant brava, brava, brava!
you call one person, then that person calls another person and then that person calls another person.  doesn't mean, like, everybody's calling you, making it so you can't respond to your texts, right?  it's some kind of reverse phone tree?  were you the trunk?  if you're the trunk, then you got punked.
drum roll please.
come on!
sure.
great!
yup. one martini comin' up!
oh. no.
let go of my arm... and i'll go get her.
it's jessica. i'll just go grab--
and penis.
penis scarlett johansson anal. good luck making fun of that, a-squirdge.
yes!
well now i'm filthy, stinkin' rich when this things gets released to the public. and i hope it bites you on your filthy, little ass. just like your father did to me with his tiny, spindly, little legs.
yes, you. the bell hop.
nightmare-ishly thin. 3 centimeters in diameter. no bones, just blood and skin. he wrapped them around my waist like a limp garden hose and no matter how hard i struggled to get free, he'd put them tighter and tighter like a boa constrictor. or worse still, a garden snake! you know, i still have dreams about them. 
no, a-smears, dreams.
i'd love one.
alley-oop
sold out!
and the shaft!
and the sack!
and the pussies.
silver linings gay-book
bradley pooper
penis scarlett johansson anal.  let's go out to the movies. let's go out to the movies. 
and now... the thrilling conclusion-
silver linings gaybook.
bradley pooper and one penis scarlett johansson anal.
yes, yes.
i have changed my name yet again to something that can't possibly be made fun of. my new name- is robert cut off my own penis fatty-fatty nana smoke a bowl full of sour cream vege burrito penis.  good luck making fun of that, asnir.
hold on, you don't know?
you there in the middle, the blue, you don't know?
well if you don't know,you didn't watch, and if you didn't watch we all gotta watch it again.
it was
what were your motives? why did you choose to do this as a movie?
yes, well when i first conceived of the plot and the story i was in a cave in siberia.
yeah.
yeah.
mmmm, i've got ideas for a squeak-quel.
well this time around i don't want any studio muckin' it up with all its bullshit, grass-roots, guerilla-style film making...
will you be quiet? i'm trying to listen to the q and a. but i already got what i came here for.  amir you say? hmmm. very interesting. 
...an ice cream social!
i have a question.
yeah, brother.  it's for the lady.  julie, will you marry me?  knowing full well that you will be used in the ongoing chess match that is the life between amir and myself.  you the pawn and me the queen.
i'm gonna hit it. and everytime i hit it, i'm gonna think of amir.
'oh sheesh y'all tis a dream'. will smears it in amir's face.
i'm sorry.
i didn't even specify a suit. shouldn't be that hard. i see two jacks right there.
 hakuna matata. haaaaaakuna matata! nothing happens. that's just to scare it, to get ready. cut to seventeen hours later: i'm in my bed, shittin' my balls off. moving on!
i put a freakin' ice cube in here. and that is my final answer.
a woman boards a bus with her newborn baby, and the bus driver says, "hey, ma'am, that's the ugliest baby i've ever seen." the woman, appalled-- frankly, she has the right to be-- sits down next to me and says, "that bus driver just insulted me." i said, "lady, you don't have to take that from him. you go up there and tell him off. here, i'll hold your monkey."
